Hey folks, just got a few dozen messages complaining about the influx of upvote begging posts on my way to secure my second multi-billion deal this week for a global conglomerate. Now I don't like interruptions on my private jets when flying to make said deals in the far reaches of the globe but this matter is clearly very important and I would like to address it head on.

**Posts that fall under For every upvote I will  and other upvote begging posts will be removed as they are not copypasta and redditors who post them will be temporarily banned going forward.**

That kind of content is not copypasta or original and belongs more on subreddits like rcirclejerk or rbraveryjerk. Upvote begging posts have ruined many a subreddits that you show your friends and then nervously laugh while reassuring them that the sub was better way back in the day as they look on in disgust. 

Here(https:old.reddit.comrcopypastacommentsaxs3sqforeveryupvoteigetiwilldoabsolutely) are(https:old.reddit.comrcopypastacommentsaxnlxforeveryupvoteilladdafatasspig) some(https:old.reddit.comrcopypastacommentsaxpp8bforeveryupvoteilladdabsolutelynothingyou) examples(https:old.reddit.comrcopypastacommentsaxo4ugforevery1upvotesiwilladdaneditthanks) of(https:old.reddit.comrcopypastacommentsaxsbvhforeveryupvoteillcomplimentmyself) low(https:old.reddit.comrcopypastacommentsaxphp8everyupvoteis1signatureforcummytobecomea) quality(https:old.reddit.comrcopypastacommentsaxs42qforeverygoldsilverplatinumiwilladdoneedit) posts(https:old.reddit.comrcopypastacommentsaxtf9fforeveryupvoteilladdafatasspig) that(https:old.reddit.comrcopypastacommentsaxqddy4ehvrypufvoteiwillzandanatothepost) were(https:old.reddit.comrcopypastacommentsaxrpifforeveryupvotetheupvotecountwillgoupby1) made today. (Each word is a clickable link!) And the a sample(https:old.reddit.comrcopypastacommentsaxnlxforeveryupvoteilladdafatasspigehv3kkc) of the complaints not to mention over 58 reports.

During my numerous business dealings with leaders of major countries I like to read the newest meemee pasta on my $2,5 phone and it's a real owchie when there are none just so Kevin can get his latest karma hit. Yeah, *that* Kevin who sprinkles emojis on stale copypasta and serves it to the wide-eyed innocent rcopypasta subscribers who don't know any better. The same subscribers that later become jaded, spam subs with low-effort karmagrabs themselves and lie to their dentist claiming that they floss all the time, I swear when they are actually referring to the dance craze from the popular real time strategy game Forteen-Nights.

tldr post more copypasta, less garbage

^^^Thread ^^^title ^^^credit ^^^to ^^^uk3vanwong

Here is a meme compilation that you may enjoy during these stressful times.(https:www.youtube.comwatch?vtHTddVQSGqo) 

I have noticed that, although this subreddit has 481k readers, I am not receiving 481k upvotes on my posts. I'm not sure if this is being done intentionally or if these friends are forgetting to click 'upvote'. Either way, I've had enough. I have compiled a spreadsheet of individuals who have forgotten to upvote my most recent posts. After 2 consecutive strikes, your name is automatically highlighted (shown in red) and I am immediately notified. 3 consecutive strikes and you can expect an in-person consultation. Think about your actions.

edit: whoever spend gold on this post probably has sever autismYour text post (optional)So I (74M) was recently hit by a car (214 Honda) and died. My wife (5F) organized me a funeral (cost $2747) without asking me (74M) at all. I (74M) was unable to make it because I (74M) was dead (17 days). At the funeral I heard my dad (15M) and other family members talking about how they wish I could be there and now I feel bad for not showing up. AITA?

Edit: uRadGlitch (6 years old) and an anonymous Reddit user are NTA for giving me gold (5 Reddit coins) and platinum (18 Reddit coins)Wowwwww, you meow like a cat! That means you are one, right? Shut the fuck up. If you really want to be put on a leash and treated like a domestic animal then thats called a fetish, not quirky or cute. What part of you seriously thinks that any part of acting like a feline establishes a reputation of appreciation? Is it your lack of any defining aspect of personality that urges you to resort to shitty representations of cats to create an illusion of meaning in your worthless life? Wearing cat ears in the shape of headbands further notes the complete absence of human attribution to your false sense of personality, such as intelligence or charisma in any form or shape. Where do you think this mindsets gonna lead you? You think youre funny, random, quirky even? What makes you think that acting like a fucking cat will make a goddamn hyena laugh? I, personally, feel extremely sympathetic towards you as your only escape from the worthless thing you call your existence is to pretend to be an animal. But its not a worthy choice to assert this horrifying fact as a dominant trait, mainly because personality traits require an initial personality to lay their foundation on. Youre not worthy of anybodys time, so go fuck off, cat-girl.lol xD!!! UwU rwhoosh(https:www.reddit.comrwhoosh) normie LOLS 

I know how to control the karma, but im not saying :)

I'TS MY CAKE DAY! Can I get an upvote? 

Rfoundthemobileuser(https:www.reddit.comrfoundthemobileuser)  fucking mobile users with capital letters LMAO

Instagram is better than reddit and fortnite is better than minecraft. EA good, Hong Kong bad, China good.

Reddit is stealing everything from 9GAG and Facebook :

God EXISTS, and his plan is unknown!

Old Star Wars? Pff that thing SUCKS! New Star Wars gang rise up! Disney is amazing 

Weed and vaping should be BANNED!

TRUMP 22! 

Keanu Reever SUCKS!!!

EDIT: OH ME GOOSH DIDNT EXPECT SO MUCH LOVE THANK YOUU

EDIT 2: WOAH SILVER HOLY RHIS IS TAKING OFF THANK YOU

EDIT 3: GOLD!?!?!? YALLS TOO NICE

EDIT 4: THANK YOU KIND STRANGERS

EDIT 5: OMG RIP MY INBOXBecause when I click on about I dont understand jack shit

EDIT: and Jack just left town. Thx for the front page redditors. Love you all.Little bit of back story: My sister just bought me a apple watch, it wasn't the newest so I was super pissed. Like what the hell? Who buys an apple product and not the newest? But anyway I was annoyed all day. It was my birthday and my dad bought me a new Ipad which was nice altough only the 128 GB version and I asked for the 256 GB.

So to the point. I was at the train station with my sister and my dad. And I put the Apple watch my sister gave me on craigslist for free to pick up. (Who's gonna use that trash LMAO) So my sister saw me do that. She got angry at me like what the hell? So as the train came up to the platform I pushed her in front of it.

I am now faced with charge of murder, like wtf she got what she deserved. I am now posting this from her funeral laughing my ass off.

Was I the asshole? I don't think I did wrong neither do my friends and 4 million instagram followers. This is just a waste of time smh...

EDIT #1 (First Edit): Hey guys I just got form the judge I have to go to prison for 1 years... Later bitches

EDIT #2 (Second Edit): Great news guys the judge found my post and she texted me that im all good fam. No more prison for me! lol

EDIT #3 (Third Edit): Who to fuck gave me silver? bitch fuck off I only accept platinum. Get your cheap ass outa here

EDIT #4 (Fourth Edit): Wtf guys I only accept fucking platinum fuck off with your cheap rewards

EDIT #5 (Fifth Edit): Guys fuck off with your gold and silver. Fucking peasants

EDIT #6 (Sixth Edit): Thx guys for telling me im not the asshole. I mean I already knew duhh. Just had to be sure

EDIT #7 (Seventh Edit): Omg finally a platinum thanks who ever gave me one you all guys took way too long... Smh

EDIT #8 (Eighth Edit): who the fuck just gave me all those silvers? Fuck you dude you poor peasants

EDIT #9 (Ninth Edit): So I just got fucking pinned? Does this mean I get more platinums?

EDIT #1 (Tenth Edit): stfu with all these trashy silver rewards I want fucking platinum not some trashy trash bag. Wtf do you take me for you morons

EDIT #11 (Eleventh Edit): wtf guys I just woke up, more silver?? Really fuck you all trahs bags. And wtf is that crtl c v award stuff? Is that good? Inna fucking Instagram Thot the fuck should I know. And why the fuck did I just got banned from ramitheasshole ?I have done it, 8 years and not a single nut bust. Thanks to my incredible goal i have obtained an iq of 156 which i have used to build a pc that deletes system 32 when it loads any type of NSFW. Im currently in a hospital bed dying of terminal disease, however, this is a victory as in 72 hours im expected to die. Wish me luck in this final run.  Own a musket for home defense, since that's what the founding fathers intended. Four ruffians break into my house. What the devil? As I grab my powdered wig and Kentucky rifle. Blow a golf ball sized hole through the first man, he's dead on the spot. Draw my pistol on the second man, miss him entirely because it's smoothbore and nails the neighbors dog. I have to resort to the cannon mounted at the top of the stairs loaded with grape shot, Tally ho lads the grape shot shreds two men in the blast, the sound and extra shrapnel set off car alarms. Fix bayonet and charge the last terrified rapscallion. He Bleeds out waiting on the police to arrive since triangular bayonet wounds are impossible to stitch up. Just as the founding fathers intended. I just downvoted your comment.
 
# FAQ
 
## What does this mean?
 
The amount of karma (points) on your comment and Reddit account has decreased by one.
 
## Why did you do this?
 
There are several reasons I may deem a comment to be unworthy of positive or neutral karma. These include, but are not limited to:
 
* Rudeness towards other Redditors,
* Spreading incorrect information,
* Sarcasm not correctly flagged with a s.
 
## Am I banned from the Reddit?
 
No - not yet. But you should refrain from making comments like this in the future. Otherwise I will be forced to issue an additional downvote, which may put your commenting and posting privileges in jeopardy.
 
## I don't believe my comment deserved a downvote. Can you un-downvote it?
 
Sure, mistakes happen. But only in exceedingly rare circumstances will I undo a downvote. If you would like to issue an appeal, shoot me a private message explaining what I got wrong. I tend to respond to Reddit PMs within several minutes. Do note, however, that over 99.9% of downvote appeals are rejected, and yours is likely no exception.
 
## How can I prevent this from happening in the future?
 
Accept the downvote and move on. But learn from this mistake: your behavior will not be tolerated on Reddit.com. I will continue to issue downvotes until you improve your conduct. Remember: Reddit is privilege, not a right.guysifyoureceiveanemailsayingnakedpicturesofDonaldTrumpdon'topenititisavirusthatputsUSAflagsbetweeneverythingyoutypeI sexually Identify as the I sexually identify as an attack helicopter joke. Ever since I was a child, I've dreamed of flippantly dismissing any concepts or discussions regarding gender that don't fit in with what I learned in 8th grade bio. People say to me that this joke hasn't been funny since 214 and please at least come up with a new one, but I don't care, I'm hilarious. I'm having a plastic surgeon install Ctrl, C, and V keys on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me epic kek dank meme trannies owned with facts and logic and respect my right to shit up social media. If you can't accept me you're a memeophobe and need to check your ability-to-critically-think privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.YoU tOucHEd ThAt BlOcK So yOu HavE tO PuLl tHat OnE Out

Go fuck yourself, thats not how the fucking game is played, you dumb, the fuck, asshole.

Quoted from the official Jenga rules:

Players may tap a block to find a loose one. Any blocks moved but not played should be replaced, unless doing so would make the tower fall. 

Youve never even fucking read the rules have you, you shithead idiot. What, is the game over in 3 seconds, if you just so happen to touch a load bearing block first?FUCKING NO DUMBASS. Learn to read you illiterate fuck.Finally, one I can answer! I literally have never been able to answer any askreddit question in my entire life, and have never posted anything on reddit until this exact moment that is happening right now.

Writing this on mobile, sorry for bad formatting, also english is my 6th language so there might be one wrong word, TLDR at the bottom. Obligatory not a teacher, but my sister's friend's stepbrother's boss's daughter's friend's mom's cousin's dog's breeder's brother's coworker's father's youtube channel had a comment where some guy talked about a post he saw on tumblr that referenced an instagram post from this one girl who posted on reddit and had a comment where there was this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy who knew this guy's cousin who was friends with a girl who's mom was a teacher. Anyways she said that a student one time turned in a meme instead of an essay. Haha!

TLDR - A student one time turned in a meme instead of an essay. Haha!

Edit: Wow, thank you so much for the upvotes! I've never gotten more than 1 before!

Edit 2: WOW! I hit 1 upvotes, thank you guys!

Edit 3: HOLY CRAP! I literally cannot believe this, I got a SILVER AWARD! I would like to personally thank whoever gave me that award!

Edit 4: OMG!!!!! GOLD! Thank you SO SO SO SO Much for the gold, I am literally shaking and crying right now

Edit 5: HOLY MOLY GUACAMOLE I GOT PLATINUM! I cannot thank you enough, this is amazing! I literally am crying of joy right now, I am still trying to wrap my head around the fact that someone used their specific amount of currency to purchase an award that was specifically given to me so that my post is shown to have said award! 

Edit 6: SpelingNoobmaster, hey its Thor again. You know, the god of thunder? Listen buddy, if you dont log off this game immediately I will fly over to your house, and come down to that basement youre hiding in and rip off your arms and shove them up your butt! Oh, thats right, yea just go cry to your father you little weasel.Im here all weekend - come on ya fuckin punk ass swimmer  Ill be waiting on ya - Ill be waiting on your punk ass - wait matter of fact give me your address Ill come to wherever you are and give you a chance to make good on your promises since I know you wont actually come here me Navy SEAL lol what BUDS class were you in bitch? See youre talking to an Army Ranger - RSC 13-2 - Ive ACTUALLY been on clandestine missions - Ive ACTUALLY been in gunfights - and on the 1% chance that youre ACTUALLY a buds graduate Ill tell you RQRF in the korangal - we were saving baby seals on a daily basis because they have no fucking idea what to do when bullets start flying the other direction - so no - Im not worried about you - the USMC is still using gulf war hand me downs so youre saying your equipment is dated and sporting extensive wear and tear? Annnndddd no need to involve your top secret lies I mean spies whoops - cuzzzzz I just told you and the internet where I live - you can come here or give me your address and Ill come there - either way 

EDIT: Here was his response to being told it was a copypasta, for your viewing pleasure.

I dont know what copypasta means - I dont know what doxxed yourself means - does not knowing these definitions make me a dumbass moron? Whats your address and Ill come show you what a real SOF guy is capable of - you threaten my life you little stolen valor fuck brick? Navy SEAL give me a goddamn break you fucking retard - if you grow a set and decide you wanna tie asses with me just come knock on my door - I didnt do a fucking thing to you people but share a video of a cat - period - if you wanna threaten my life over that be prepared for the consequences - Im not on here looking for trouble if I was then why would I post a video of a cat on a cat video sub? God almighty and I only posted it here because my woman told me to - Id never heard of this sub - had I known making a cute pun including the cats name would yield such backlash from faggot ass frenchy stolen valor pukes and broke dick hadji wan kenobis id have just not posted it - I thought the members of this sub would enjoy this video - so I shared it - you wanna use it as a platform to threaten my life and wellbeing? I will crush your fucking windpipe you little coward - so either roll up or tell me where Im rolling to or you just prove youre a coward thats all talk&#x2B

Earlier today I was really horny, and I saw what I thought to be a blank dvd. I thought, DVDs have a tight hole, they might feel pretty good. So I put my soft pp into the hole of the DVD, and for a few seconds as I started getting harder, it felt pretty good, but then, once I was fully erect, it started being painful. My pp was stuck in the dvd, and I had to break it in half to get if out. It was then when I flipped the broken dvd over and realized that it was not a blank dvd, but a copy of the movie UP.

Well guys, guess I fucked up.rTeenagers Post title: **damn guys** 


hey fellow TEENAGERS, I recently met a FEMALE whom I find VERY ATTRACTIVE. I asked her out on a DATE but to my incredible SURPRISE she denied my REQUEST. Mission failed HAHAHAHAHA

**198k**     ****    *Comments*:


**1k** Lmao bro that sucks haha well get em next time haha

 **1k** I relate to this too haha

**69k** I am a woman

 **5k** A girl... whoa....

 **5k** A girl, on reddit? AWOOOGA

**7k** Damn THIS IS SO SAD lmayo please laugh at the joke

**1k** can we not post the same thing every week please

 **5k** Shut the fuck up BOOMER HAHAHAHA

 **5k** give the dude some support come on like whatAITA for accidentally pushing classmate by trying to tackle school shooter?

So I was in English class when I noticed the quiet kid starting to sweat a lot, whispering to himself and get all fidgety. Now I'm no psychiatrist, but I swear I got a vision of him getting a gun and opening fire right there in the classroom, kind of like that one movie where they all die in the end. So I start paying close attention to him. 

15 minutes go by, and what do you know, he reaches for his bag and pulls out a gun. Before he even gets the chance of firing the first bullet, I rush to tackle him. I honestly wasn't thinking straight. Looking back, I guess I just didn't want anyone to be killed or something, I couldn't stand losing anyone of my classmates.

The problem was, I accidentally slightly pushed back an innocent classmate who was in between the shooter and me by trying to tackle the shooter. I instantly felt bad but kept the plan of bringing the shooter to the ground before he could kill anyone.

Even though I succeeded in disarming him, I still felt bad. When everyone was thanking me and chanting my name while the cops arrested the shooter, all I could think of was how I accidentally pushed him. I told my volunteering group and the burned victims at the hospital I visit every single day and they all agree I did nothing wrong. I even spoke with the HIV kids after dressing like Spiderman and giving them toys and they agreed I did nothing wrong.

I spoke to him 3 days later after clearing my mind a little bit and he said, Are you kidding me? You saved my life! I can't believe you feel bad about it. We all owe you, especially me after you revived my dad with CPR last year. I barely felt the hit. 

I'm just confused... AITA?To hit, or not to hit. Dost thou ever miss? I suppose it not. You have a male love interest, yet I would wager he does not kiss thee (Ye olde mwah). Furthermore he will find another lass like he won't miss thee. And at the end of it all. He is going to skrrt, and he will hit that dab, as if he were the man known by the name of Wiz Khalifa.               

.              

.              

.             

.            

.           

.          

.         

.        

.       

.      

.     

.    



...

...

..

.

fuck, i missed the busI just saw endgame, and it was pretty good, but there were a few weird things.

I thought it was strange how the Russo Brothers decided to render Thanos erect penis in such vivid detail. The veins were so perfectly done I couldnt even tell his cock wasnt real.

Another thing I found weird was when Black Panther broke the fourth wall and gave the audience the n-word pass. I did appreciate it, but it would feel more in place in a Deadpool movie.

Overall, it was still excellent, but I think that they definitely need to reconsider some things.Steve Harvey: We asked 1 people, what is the male reproductive organ?  Contestant: The penis  SH: A WUH... HUH??  audience erupts into laughter  Steve Harvey grabs onto podium to support himself  laughter gets even louder  SH: O lordy...  one man goes into cardiac arrest and many others begin vomiting profusely from laughing too hard  SH: YOU PEOPLE NEED HELP  the Earth shatters and Satan rises from the underworld to claim unworthy souls  the universe begins rapidly closing in on itself  SH: (putting on a weary voice) Survey says...  the board shows 1 for penis  Harvey is able to get off one more shocked look before existence as we know it comes to an endSo am I the only one upset about how WWII ended? I mean they built Hitler up to be the big bad and just when he is about to face justice, he goes and kills himself. WTF was the point of him if FDR and Churchill were not going to fight him in an epic duel to save the world? And don't get me started on FDR! They just kill him half way through the war. Truman totally did not deserve to win the war, his character arc was not about war winning. And it certainly wasn't about destroying two cities with bullshit deus ex super weapons that came out of no where.

And another thing that pissed me off is that in the last episode of the war we find out that Stalin was a bad guy the entire time! Where was this foreshadowed to us? WTF, absolute character assassination. He was all about freeing the oppressed and bringing about a new system that wasn't shackling the poor and they made him a dictator? That is bullshit!

Anyways, WWII was cool but its end was absolutely trash and I would like you guys to sign a petition to have it rewritten.find the gay person: 





cant find them? 

thats because they live among us, looking like normal people. the only real difference is theyre going to hell  I immediately fell to my knees, as the rush of dopamine signaling my impending earth-shattering orgasm started making me moan loud enough to deafen everyone in the immediate vicinity. What followed was a torrential downpour of every single sperm cell I ever have or ever will produce, shot out so hard that my dick was ripped apart by my bernut accelerating to 5% the speed of light by the time it left my urethra. It vaporized the girl as it punched right through her, barely slowed, before cutting through a structural support beam in the school as if it were a nuclear-powered angle grinder. The sheer weight of this historical nut, combined with the total destruction of everything in its path, caused the school to collapse, and every female in the state of Illinois to fall pregnant with my children. When the final death toll was tallied, there were 146 deaths, 458 injuries, and over 4 million pregnancies. As I lay dying under the rubble of my high school, I rest easy, knowing every one of my sons will repeat my glorious actions. Goodbye.Story time  sisters so basically I was in class listening to billie eilish and my headphones got unplugged  and it played bad guy out loud so anyway it was playing out loud and all the girls   were completely vibing to it and they were like slayyyyysisterrrand i was gonna say something back when a boyapproached me and said uh billie eilish is so cringe why don't you listed to xxtentacion?  and i was SHOOK and completely flipped the F OUT  i said you dumb ignorant MALE billie liter ally saved my life  i was cutting myself for my DEPRESSION since daddy didn't get me tickets to coachella and a pentagram  formed on the ground and billie rose up from it and she said put your faith in allah for he is the most merciful  and then she left and i was so inspired that i read the korean promised to slay every infidel in my path until shariah law was implemented world wide he then was like I won't allow a mujahid to spread the gentle message of mohamabamba and then summoned a djinn  in the shape of jahsehs foreskin and he said he was the servant of shaytanwell i wasn't going to let blasphemygo unpunished and chanted oh allah the most kind and beautiful please banish these heathens back to hell and suddenly the heavens opened and we loooked and it was billieshe said i am allah and i was disguised as billie to give hope to all 14 year old girlsbut then i felt an evil force risingit was xxxtentacion he said spotlight uh moonlight uh beat woman cos they have no rights uh and then allah and X fought and of course allah won  and spread World peace  so anyway that's the TEA sisters stay tuned for my fenti beauty  giveaway and remember praise allah everydayHello, fellow homosexuals. It is us, ***MULTI-BILLION DOLLAR CORPORATION***. Here to remind you that we support your lifestyle now that it has been federally legalised and it is completely socially safe, allowing for us to capitalise on your existence now it's mainstream. Look, we even changed the colours of ***LOGO***! Why did we wait this long to come out and 'support' you? Haha, no more questions, homosexual. Buy our product. *Buy our product*. ***BUY OUR PRODUCT.***Give it up folks, einstein over here has something to say. What's that buddy? Wha- A grammatical error?!? WHAT?!? B... Bu... That can't be possible! Surely not! A GRAMMAR MISTAKE? IN **MY** SIGHT?!? What a great, absolute miracle that you and your 257 IQ Brain was here to correct it! Thank you! Have my grattitude, Actually, What's your cashapp? I'd like to give you 2$... Know what? While we're at it have the keys to my car. Actually, no, scratch that. Have the keys to my house, go watch my kids grow up and fuck my wife. Also, my Paypal username and password is: Ilikesmartazzes4 and 968386329. Go have fun. Thank you for your work.You know it isn't Legos. You've had FUCKING YEARS to adjust to the actual, correct way to say the term. It's Lego. Lego bricks, Lego sets, Lego kits, Lego mini-figures, Lego City.

There are no such things as Legos. They don't exist. Lego refers to the COMPANY THAT MAKES THE TOY, and thus the shortening *Lego* is acceptable. Saying I'm playing with my Lego works because it's referring to the sets themselves: The individuals aspects that make of the toy from the bricks to the mini-figures to the electronics to the other little parts. It isn't claiming that the fucking square bricks are each a Lego. THE ENTIRE THING IS. If you were to say I'm playing with my Legos that implies that you're playing with at least two different types of Lego set at once, i.e. Lego City and Bionicle.

Still saying LEGOS after all these years makes you look like an assclown. Here in Europe, the continent responsible for this toy (no, it wasn't made by America, no matter how much your capitalistic toy industry wants you to think), you'd be laughed out of the room if you said that.

Edit: Seems Ive stirred quite the debate lolA man has fallen into depression in Lego city

Start taking anti-depressants 

hey.... (he says lifelessly to his wife and friends)

Climb to the top of the lego city bridge and say your goodbyes

Prepare to die, lower your expectations, and off the bridge

The new suicidal collection from Lego CityGirl: Do you want to fuck me?    

Me: No...   

Girl: OMG I hate you *kills herself*   

Me: *at her grave* ...body would ever want to fuck you alive.  

*unzips*   

Like if you cried
RATS RATS WE ARE THE RATS
WE PRAY AT NIGHT WE STALK AT NIGHT
WE ARE THE RATSLogan Paul Apology but I replace apologize with cum

I've made a severe and continuous lapse in my judgement and I don't expect to be forgiven. I'm simply here to cum. So what we came across that day on the woods was obviously unplanned and the reactions you saw on tape were raw, they were unfiltered. None of us knew how to react or how to feel. I should have never posted the video. I should have put the cameras down, and stopped recording what we were going through. There's a lot of things I should have done differently, but I didn't, and for that from the bottom of my heart, I am sorry. I want to cum to the internet, I want to cum to anyone who's seen the video, I want to cum to anyone who has been affected or touched by mental illness, or depression, or suicide. But, most importantly, I want to cum to the victim and his family. For, my fans, who are defending my actions, please don't, they do not deserve to be defended. The goal of my content is always to entertain, to push the boundaries, to be all inclusive and in the world I live in I share almost everything I do. The intent is never to be heartless, cruel, or malicious. Like I said, I made a huge mistake, I don't expect to be forgiven, I'm just here to cum. I'm ashamed of myself. I'm disappointed in myself, and I promise to be better. I will be better, thank you.I (22M) caught my brother (15M), my sister (18F), my father (58M), my mother (56F), my other brother (24M), my other sister (12F), my uncle (5M), my aunt (47F), my niece (7F), my nephew (12M), my grandfather on my fathers side (79M), my grandmother on my fathers side (81FDeceased), my grandfather on my mothers side (92M), my grandmother on my mothers side (92F), my neighbour (34F), my neighbours roommate who is subsequently also my neighbour (37F), their daughter (5F) and my neighbours daughters friend (6F) all throwing a party. I (22M) was not invited to this party, hosted by (5M) and (58M).

(79M), who the party had been thrown for had objected to myself (22M) being invited alongside (7F), (12F) and (34F).

I (22M) believe that this decision, made by (5M) and (58M) was sexist despite myself (22M) being the only (M) not invited. I (22M) successfully convinced (7F), (12F), and (34F) that this was sexist and now (7F), (12F) and (34F) are advocating for (5M) and (58M) to allow myself (22M) into (79M)s party.

(5M) told me (22M) that I was being a disgrace to the entire (15M, 18F, 58M, 56F, 24M, 12F, 5M, 47F, 7F, 12M, 79M, 81FDeceased, 92M, 92F) however the others (34F, 37F, 5F, 6F) believe that I (22M) was not being a disgrace to the entire (15M, 18F, 58M, 56F, 24M, 12F, 5M, 47F, 7F, 12M, 79M, 81FDeceased, 92M, 92F).

In retaliation to being uninvited from the party, I (22M) called my family member (24M) not thicc in the slightest, and that he (24M) should delete his (24M) Instagram account as his (24M) posts were mediocre at best.

My (58M) contacted me (22M) to tell me (22M) that I (22M) was being removed from the will ($15M). I (22M) think this is entirely uncalled for. After talking to (34F, not 37F), they (34F, 37F) both agreed that this was crazy so they put me (22M) into contact with their (5F) and their (5F)s friend (6F) for assistance with the whole ordeal.

After repeated contact with (5F) and (6F), I (22M) was arrested by the police (??M, ??M, ??F) and told that I (22M) was an absolute creep.

I (22M) instantly called (34F, 37F) but they (34F, 37F) did not pick up. Then the police (??M, ??M, ??F) showed me (22M) footage which mustnt have been real as I (22M) didnt remember it, which showed me (22M) stealing food from children (?M, ?M) to please (5F, 6F).

Furthermore, my (15M, 18F, 58M, 56F, 24M, 12F, 5M, 47F, 7F, 12M, 79M, 81FDeceased, 92M, 92F) was questioned and agreed that I (22M) was an absolute creep. My (15M, 18F, 58M, 56F, 24M, 12F, 5M, 47F, 7F, 12M, 79M, 81FDeceased, 92M, 92F) then showed the police (??M, ??M, ??F) that I (22M) had not been taking my prescription medicines.

I (22M) have now been taking my (22M) meds for 1 week and have gone back to normal. But now my (22M) (34F, 37F) refuse to talk to me (22M), (5F, 6F) arent allowed near me (22M) and my (22M)  (15M, 18F, 58M, 56F, 24M, 12F, 5M, 47F, 7F, 12M, 79M, 81FDeceased, 92M, 92F) refuse to put me (22M) back in the will ($14M after (5M gambling addiction)).

I (22M) was unaware that I (22M) was a creep and therefore believe I (22M) should be freed from any punishments but my (34F, 37F) think that I (22M) am responsible for my (22M) actions. I (22M) believe this is ridiculous and that I (22M) didnt know.

So Reddit, am I (22M) or are (5F, 6F, 34F, 37F) and (15M, 18F, 58M, 56F, 24M, 12F, 5M, 47F, 7F, 12M, 79M, 81FDeceased, 92M, 92F) absolutely bonkers?If Your Doctor Spoke Like Trump

So it seems youve tested positive for the Chinese virus, the so-called Covid NINETEEN, the Coronanobody knows what to call it, quite frankly. Its the most amazing thing, no one knew anything about Corona until a few weeks ago. 

But the moment I heard about itthe Wuhan flu its also the Wuhan, or WuHAANthats a city in China. Many people dont know that. But the moment I heard about this Chinese flu, I ordered a test. And its an amazing test. We do better testing than anywhere in the world. Some say the Germans have the best tests, but they dont. Our tests are even better.

So youre positive for Corona. And usually positive is a positive wordits a very good word, frankly. Everybody thinks its good, apart from what you hear on the newswhich is fake. Its largely fake. But in medicine, positive is not so good. So its very confusing. And Ive always been very clear about that. Some say positive is always good, but Ive never agreed with that.

So youre positive for the Corona. But youll be fine. Totally fine. You might think youre going to dieand everybody does die, eventually. But youll be fine. You feel fine, right? You wont need a ventilator. There are no ventilatorsbut you wont need one. 

How old are you, 55? You wont need one. Some people need a ventilator, and theyre amazing machines. Did you know the first ventilator was made by Henry Ford? Its an incredible piece of equipment. But youll be fine.

The virus gets into your lungs, which is where you breathe. But you have two of them. Some say you have a spare. Some people only have one lung. Its true. But I dont talk about spares. I always want both. Given a choice, I want two lungs.

So Ive asked nursewhats your name, Nancy?Ive asked nurse Nancy to keep you comfortable. And Nancy is one of our finest nurses. I mean, just look at her. Incredible, right? Nancy, youre really incredible. Youre not afraid of Corona, are you, the Chinese Plague? I didnt think so. Nancy will bring you whatever you need. And if you start coughing, do that into your elbow, so you dont make a mess. Okay, youre doing great. Ill see you later.

Editlive update:

You can call it a germ. You can call it a flu. You can call it a virus. You can call it many different names. I'm not sure anybody even knows what it is.

 Donald Trump on March 27, 22.a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z

A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 

 ! @ # $ % ^ & * ( )   -              

                                   

                                           

                                            I spend 5 hours masturbating before my prostate exams. I edge, and edge  and edge, until a butterfly sneezing on my taint could bring me to  orgasm. I tactfully shuffle my way down to the doctor's office and when  he lubes up I nearly cum every time. But I've trained my keggle muscles  enough to the point where I can hold in Mount Vesuvius' wrath. Then as  soon as he puts the smallest bit of pressure on my prostate I unleash  with the fury of a lion hunting its prey. As the room gets covered in my  hot sticky juices the doctor looks on disgusted and leaves the room. I  always go to a hospital far away from where I live to get it so that I  don't have to go in for surgery under the doctor that I busted to. Best  thing is we have free healthcare here, so the doctor gets me off and  it's covered by taxpayers. That's my fetish.Ok Reddit, so I (237,624 M) and my wife (6 F) got into a bit of an argument about Fortnite (released 217 by Epic Games) on my (237,624 M) Xbox One X (released 217). She (6F) wanted to play fortnite (released 217 by Epic Games) on my (237,624 M) Xbox One X (released 217) even though she (6 F) has a PS4 (released 213), which I (237,624 M) destroyed. I (237,624 M) said no. She (6 F) hit me. So naturally, I grabbed my Unholy Hellbringer (crafted 2, years ago in Neptunes core by demons), and killed her. I also killed our 32 of our boys, being Liam  (2 M), Noah (2 M), Elijah (2 M), Logan (2 M), Mason (2 M), James (2 M), Aiden (2 M), Ethan (2 M), Lucas (2 M), Jacob (2 M), Michael (2 M), Matthew (2 M), Benjamin (2 M), Alexander (2 M), William (2 M), Daniel (2 M), Jayden (2 M), Oliver (2 M), Carter (2 M), Sebastian (2 M), Joseph (2 M), David (2 M), Gabriel (2 M), Julian (2 M), Jackson (2 M), Anthony (2 M), Dylan (2 M), Wyatt (2 M), Grayson (2 M), Isaiah (2 M), Christopher (2 M), and Joshua (2 M). I saved Henry (2 M), because he (2 M) was my favorite child. I thought that he could be raised by wolves while i (237,624 M) played Fortnite (released 217 by Epic Games) inside my house. While outside, I (237,624 M) dropped him (2 M) on the pavement and he (2 M) died. So Reddit, AITA I the asshole for killing my whole family?Fucking seriously. I was just jacking it off to some porn and guess what?! I came across a video with a woman in it. A FUCKING WOMAN. I inmediately knew this was the doing of those damn SJWs trying to force diversity into my entertainment. I could feel my masculinity decrease by the second so i clicked away and searched for a video with big sweaty strong men ramming their hips against each other's round toned buttocks. Like every respectable man should dammit!

I just can't anymore. First they invade my videogames and now my porn? No, i won't let them. I declare war on every SJW out there. From now on i will exclusively jack off to porn with white male protagonists, and i urge you to do the same. That will teach them.So I was just surfing the web looking for gay midget porn, when I came across this thing called black people. Apparently they have dark skin and love chicken. I am mortified. I will not accept anyone who is not a white person. Who made these black people? Who can I contact them and get them to stop? Are they considered people? We cant stand for this anymore! The blacks have taken to much of out our economy! They took our jobs, our lifestyles, even our wives! I only have 3 wives left! And I dont even fuck the other 2! Their just for cleaning and cooking! God I fucking hate America. 

Edit: Guys holy shit stop downvoting me its just my opinion 

Edit: Guys did you even read it? Stop telling me Im racist when you clearly havent read the whole thing!

Edit: Jesus fucking Christ you guys are retarded. How delusional are you people???

Edit: Okay you people are fucking going to far. Im NOT racist. I litteraly didnt even say the n word once.A NUCLEAR REACTOR HAS EXPLODED IN LEGO CITY

START THE EMERGENCY HELICOPTERS

*HEY*

BUILD THE HELICOPTERS, THROW BORON INTO THE REACTOR AND STOP THE DISASTER

THE NEW CHERNOBYL COLLECTION FROM LEGO CITYALERT ALERT

PRIDE  MONTH IS OFFICIALLY OVER

MEN  AND WOMEN  OF THE NATION:

IT IS NOW ILLEGAL TO BE #GAY  ANYWHERE ON STRAIGHT MOTHER EARTH 

BISEXUALS MUST HEAD TO YOUR NEAREST GOVERNMENT BUILDING  AND RECEIVE A Bi-Ticket Admission Allowance System Check in Mark TO BE PUT UNDER EXAMINATION  TO DETERMINE IF YOU ARE TO BE LEFT IN THE GENE POOL. 

THE GAYSTAPO  WILL BE INSPECTING ALL RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  TO SEARCH FOR ANY GAY ACTIVITY

ANY HOMOSEXUAL ACTIVITY CAN WARRANT ARRESTOR POSSIBLE DEATH PENALTY

STAY VIGILANT AND STRAIGHTEh? You've never seen a pair of breasts before? And you're HOW old?! J-Jeez! Ahahahah! W-Well, we'd better fix that, then! Just close your eyes for a sec, aaaaaaand...

HERE! BOING!

AHAHAHAHA! You should have seen the look on your face! J-Jeez, anon! Th-Th-They're just sacks of fat on my chest, ya know! Do they really excite you THAT much?! G-Get a look at this, then! See how they bounce up and down! Jiggle jiggle! I-I bet you want to squeeze them too, don't you, Mr. Perverted Virginboy Anon?! G-Go right ahead! Honk these honkin' honkers as much as you want! Take your time! Heck, s-suck on 'em too! I know you really want to! Just be careful: my nipples are super hard right now! C-Can't imagine whyyyy...!

I-I-I-I-I-I bet you wanna see my vagina too! You pervert! W-W-Well, we're already this far! Might as well! I'm not wearing p-panties anyway!

S-S-S-So, what do you think? ...Well, I guess that ragin' 'rection in your pants answers THAT question! HAHAHAHAHA! Y-Y-You're such a pathetic pervert, anon! I-I-I-I bet it's the first one you've seen since you slid out of your mother's! L-L-Look how wet it is, too! Jeezums fucking Crikes, it's so fucking wet! I-I've never seen it this wet before! Look at what you're doing to me, you freaking pervert! Y-You sure know how to make a girl all hot and bothered! Oh, lordy! Christ-on-a-stick! You'd better take some responsibility for this! A-After all, when it's this wet, it's much easier to cram something up there! And I'm leaking like a freaking sieve here! You'd better p-p-p-plug it up RIGHT NOW!a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z

A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Today at Walmart I told the cashier Merry Christmas. She said, Happy  Holidays, ma'am, I smiled and said You don't have to be afraid anymore.  President Trump gave us Christmas back she started crying tears of joy  and said Merry Christmas and then everyone in the store  applauded I went to the supermarket earlier today, to buy some cheese and bacon, you know? So I went up to the girl working there and she said: Good morning, how can I help you?

I couldn't believe this naughty bitch was offering herself to me at 7 am, but I managed to keep myself calm and said: Good morning. I want 3g of mozzarella cheese and 3g of bacon please.

She started working on my order, and after a while she came to me and said Sir, I acidentally put 35g of cheese instead of 3g. Can I leave it or do you want me to take some off? 

Holy fucking shit. I couldn't believe what this cum-addicted slut just said. She knew I only wanted 3g of cheese, but instead of giving me what I asked for she decided to try to have sex with me. I'm gonna explain it to you: what's the difference between 3g and 35g of cheese? That's right, 5 grams. What else has 5 grams? Yes, that's the average weight of a condom packaging, and also the average amount of sperm expelled during a sexual act. And worst of all, do you know which sentence has 5 letters? Oh daddy please destroy my pussy and cum in my little slut ass.

I was shocked at the audacity of this whore, but I was better than this. I told her to take a little bit of cheese off, and she said: is 38g alright sir? I was shaking and sharting at this point. I couldn't believe she was humiliating herself like this. Do you know what has 8 letters? I love you. But I didn't love her, I didn't love this attention deprived thot back. So I just said: I'm not going to give in to your schemes. You should value yourself more, you are better than this. 

As I was paying for my products at the cashier I could hear a great commotion, and I saw that the girl and all the other female employees were crying in unison. I left the supermarket knowing that I did the right thing.Trump sat back in his chair with a smirk. He was ecstatic about the fact that the constitution would protect him from democracy due to the fact that the only way to remove him from office was to put him in a peach. A PEACH. He could never fit in such a small object, such a feat was impossible. ORDER ORDER said Pelosi. Donald Trump, you have abused executive power for far too long. I order that you are put in peach Trump laughed. Your honor, there is no way I can fit in peach. Pelosi grinned and then turned to the gates at the back of the room. BRING OUT THE GIANT PEACH. Trumps heart stopped. The gates slowly and ominously opened to reveal a massive peach the size of a two story building. I-impossible Trump said, his orange skin turning pale. How could this be? Today Ladies and Gentlemen... said pelosi with an even wider grin. Blumpf In peachFree Tibet The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 The Tiananmen Square Massacre The Anti-Rightist Struggle The Great Leap Forward The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution Human Rights Democratization Freedom Independence Multi-party system Taiwan Formosa Republic of China Tibet Dalai Lama Falun Dafa The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region Nobel Peace Prize Liu Xiaobo                            Winnie the Pooh 
(english@mail.gov.cn)Stop with the fucking  I bet you'll never guess what's under my dress..

It's tits. It's always fucking tits.

This is no mystery to anyone, and human anatomy has been the same for over 1k years. Seriously, shut the fuck up. You all do this. Do you really think your tits and asshole are so special that they're going to shift our collective consciousness or something?

I bet the guys at the gym wonder what's under my yoga pants.

I bet they already know, and if they fucking don't, maybe you shouldn't be at a kid gym for 4 year olds.DRAKE: Hes right in there. See, I put him on suicide watch. laugh track 
JOSH: You were supposed to monitor him constantly.
DRAKE: Dude, I'm gonna!
JOSH: Oh really? 
DRAKE: Yes! 
JOSH: So go check on him! 
DRAKE: Okay, I will! *tcch* laugh track rattles the door, peeps through the door, turns around DRAKE: ...I see the problem. 
JOSH: Oh do ya?I'm the president of a large and powerful western country, and sometimes I conduct dronestrikes in the middle east. One day my drone strike accidentally killed an important general from Iran and now Iran is really mad at me. AITA?

EDIT: Thanks for all the support. After careful consideration and all of your input, I've decided that a full land invasion of Iran complete with tactical nukes on all major cities is necessary, the bombings will commence shortly.Today I 4M caught my wife 19F having an orgy 2hrs with my sister 19F, father 81M, and nanny 17F. I took my bags 9lbs and left to an overnight motel $4n to think things out. Should I end our marriage 3yrs or try therapy $1hr??Happy Birthday Billie!!   How old are you now?  Wait... You just turned 18???  Oh my god... Oh fuck....  Billie.... Shit....  OHHHHHHHHH SHITTT  Fuck I'm so sorry  Billie I didn't mean to cum I swear!!  Please forgive me and forget about this...  Unless...?  Okay, confession time Billie ever since you started music  I've loved  you and your music  and I've done some naughty things  looking at your pictures...  Now that you're all grown up  do you love  me too?  Please Billie I've always wanted to do things to you  and now you're finally 18  we can have legal Sex  Please Billie respond to this message quickly  and say yes  I'll be waiting... 

Edit: Please do not send this to her. It is wildly inappropriate and probably some sort of harassment. She doesn't need to see it.WOW kid you just got rWOOOOOOSHED!!!! 

Wooosh means you didn't get the joke, as in the sound made when the joke woooshes over your head. I bet you're too stupid to get it, IDIOT!! 

My joke was so thoughtfully crafted and took me a total of 3 minutes, you SHOULD be laughing.  What's that? My joke is bad? I think that's just because you failed. I outsmarted you, nitwit.

In conclusion, I am posting this to the community known as rWooooosh to claim my internet points in your embarrassment . Imbecile. The Germans refer to this action as Schadenfreude, which means harm-joy . WOW!  Another reference I had to explain to you.  I am going to cease this conversation for I do not converse with simple minded persons.For context, this story takes place recently on September 28th 1918. So, Im a normal soldier in the British army, (M27) and Im fighting in the French village of Marcoing against the German army. I serve in the 5th Duke of Wellingtons Regiment by the way.

Anyways, in my line of fire is a man with a very weird kinda small mustache, and he seems wounded. He didnt even bother to shoot me. He seemed like he was gonna die in a matter of minutes anyway so I was like you know what? Why not let him go. Anyways, he nodded thanks and walked off.

However about 21 years later Im watching my television as I just repaired it, and I see some army of people with a weird wavy symbol they wear on their arms or something. And then I realize their leader has the same mustache and face as the guy I spared! Thats so WACKY!

Anyways theres some kind of second Great War coming up because the mustache man I spared is invading something I dont know its probably nothing.

Just came on this subreddit to ask AITA?help

EDIT: why is everyone upvoting this I dont know whats happening and Im scared for my families safety.Tell you kids, back in my day, we had it so rough... or so much better, i can't tell anymore. anyway, every day, we would wake up at 2 in the morning and go to the table for breakfast. we all lived in a closet, you see, so it was one room. and we would ask, me and my 64 brothers and 27 sisters, what's for breakfast mum?. she would smack us all with a shoe and say cold beans. and if we complained and said but we had cold beans yesterday - because we had cold beans every day - she would smack us all five times with a shoe and say tough its all we can afford. i'm trying to feed a family of 93 with just half a silver buckington, a silver buckington was about the same as half a penny back in the day. then we would head to school. we met up with the johnson kids from down the road, and walked the 1674 miles to school. on the way to school, we had to walk up a mountain so tall it extended to outer space. when we got to the top of the mountain, we would see the peterson boys on their fancy bikes - which they dont make like they used to, and we would race them down the mountain. then, when we got to school at 4 in the morning, the headmaster would come up to us and say you bloody kids are late, then he would smack us all with the cane 1 times and tell us we had 7 years of detention. then, we went to class, and mr stevenson would say ok line up kids, then he would spank us each 6 times, then hit us each with the cane 4 times each. then it was 7 at night and we had to walk home. then, when we got home, we'd ask whats for dinner mum?, and she'd smack us each 5 times with a pan and say rotten cabage. and if we complained, she would smack us each 1 times with a broom and say im trying to feed a family of 154 on just one islet sliver, just you wait until your dad gets home - now an islet silver was worth about as much as a grain of sand. then, when our dad got home from his job at the soot factory, he would hit us all 18 times with his belt. if we had been naughty, we would hit us all another 6 times. then, at 1:58, mum would say ok time for bed. then, we got into our potato sacks, and she would hit us each with a shoe 8 times before we went to sleep. on saturdays, we went down to uncle bob's farm to work. we would have to walk 345 miles to the bus stop, then catch the route 4 bus for 56 stops. we would get on the bus and pay our fare of 3 teddy roses - now a teddy rose is worth about the same as a flake of skin. then, if the ticket inspector came to us, he would hit us all 4 times with his baton. if any of us had lost our ticket, we would hit us all 1 times again and throw us off the bus and we had to walk the rest of the way. when we got to the farm, uncle bob would drive to the gate in his tractor, hit us all 78 times with his crowbar, and tell us to get in his trailer so he could drive us to the farm house. then, we had to plow the fields with a toothbrush in the blazing summer heat - now, they dont make summers like they used to, so it was about 1345.4 degrees spencer, or 67 degrees centigrade using your new-fangled metric system. then, we would have to milk the cows - now, they dont make cows like they used to, so each cow weighed about 459 hog's heads, or 3.2 tonnes in your new-fangled metric system. if you touched a cows udder, it would kick you and you would die, so you had to be really careful when you milked the cows. then, when we were done, uncle bob would say ok kids time for your pocket money. he would give us each 9 copper jemimahs - which are worth about one political promise each - and beat us each 6 times with his tractor before we left. on sundays, we would meet the johnson boys and go down to the river - now, they don't make rivers like they used to, so this river was about as wide as the whole of america, and as deep as the marianas trench, and it was filled with liquid tungsten. we would play by the old oak tree near the river, climbing on it and building tree houses and such. now - they don't make trees like they used to, so this tree had a trunk as thick as a city, and was tall enough that the branches on the top could scrape the moon. one day, little jimmy fell from the top of the tree. when he hit the ground, the only bit of his body we could recognise was his left eyeball. we picked up all his bits and rushed him to the doctors surgery. dr james said oh its just a scratch little jimmy dont worry pop a plaster on it and you'll be right and he gave little jimmy a plaster and a lollipop and he was ok. after we finished playing by the river, we would go into town and get some candy. now, back in the day, you could give the shopkeeper one bronze winglet - which is worth about as much as a ciggarette butt - and he would give you the entire stock of the store. so we would go and get our candy, and we'd go into the town square and eat it. now, we didn't have any of your fancy food laws back in the day, so there was all kinds of stuff in our candy. bleach, rust, bones--you name it. so we would always get a little hyper after our candy. one day, when we were hyper, we went up the mr boris's car, the only car in the town, and touched it. as we touched it, we saw dad storming down the street holding his belt. you kids, having fun while i work all day in the soot factory just so you can have grilled water for tea every night, i oughta smack you all. we were sure he was going to smack us, but then he said no, i got a better idea, ill take you to see mr henderson, he'll set ya right. now, dad had told us about mr henderson. mr henderson was a veteran from the great war, where he got a really bad injury, but we never knew what it was. dad walked us all down to the pub, and we saw a left testicle propped up on a pegleg. mr henderson, said dad, i have some kids here who need a good whooping. then, mr henderson picked up the entire pub, and hit us each 46 times with it. then, dad said right, i gotta go back to the soot factory, you kids run on home now. now, by now it was 1pm, which meant it was curfew. while we were walking out of the town square, we heard a man shout oi you bloody kids, its curfew. we turned around and saw the constable holding his baton. he hit us each 16265 times with his baton, then put us in gaol for 6123865 years. now - they don't make gaols like they used to - this one had 5 mile thick steel walls, and a single hole in the top let in some light. we were in there for about 13526 years, until mum baked the constable some cardboard pie so he would let us out. then, she hit us all 1292 times with a washboard, and grounded us for the rest of our lives. so don't you come complaining to me about nonsense like not having tv while hiking 25 miles to school.

Intellectual property ofuOctagonalButthole(https:www.reddit.comuserOctagonalButthole) with due royalties payed, if i see this copypasta without due credit, my team of 4 mods can promise you atleast 4 negative karma, ok?

&#x2B

Edit: 6.9k ubdootle? We really do live in a society. Thank you Mr. Goldmen and of course the Silvermen brothers, you made this a cant miss blissful Bris.

--------- dontcopypastebeyondhere-------

Edit 2: We are on the road to 1., I'd like to take this chance to advertise my new line of tees Goth Girl Garbage Garb, (think hot topic but more with a school shooter vibe, perfect for the halloween season.) I must thank uTotallyACP **and** uTimeForSp**, without them I'd still be smoking crack in a shack and shooting ketamine in between my toes, But look where I am now! Also another Silverman brother showed, I'll tell my mum to bake you some blintzes**

 Jesus loves you

Edit 3: Dear Diary 1148 ,Ludes call me to slumber, 'twas a dandy day of poking patterns to pumpkins a nodding off in between brush strokes as I conversate the Marla Singers. Lil brew but ipa 7.6 alc, first buzzle since mid summer drinking those moments when yelling at the Pigs in a li peep mood. But im in the feelin a l del rey mood noe, ya vibe. X admin 11 so till 22, no p3ak yet gamergirls. dr phill hershey bars or kratomimosa?1. We would miss you.
2. It's not worth the regret. Either by yourself, if you failed or just simply left scars or the regret everyone else feels by not doing enough to help you.
3. It does get better. Believe it or not, it will eventually get better. Sometimes you have to go through the storm to get to the rainbow.
4. There's so much you would miss out on doing.
5. There is always a reason to live. It might not be clear right now, but it is always there.
6. So many people care, and it would hurt them if you hurt yourself.
7. You ARE worth it. Don't let anyone, especially yourself, tell you otherwise.
8. You are amazing.
9. A time will come, once you've battled the toughest times of your life and are in ease once again, where you will be so glad that you decided to keep on living. You will emerge stronger from this all, and won't regret your choice to carry on with life. Because things always get better.
1. What about all the things you've always wanted to do? What about the things you've planned, but never got around to doing? You can't do them when you're dead.
11. I love you. Even if only one person loves you, that's still a reason to stay alive.
12. You won't be able to listen to music if you die.
13. Killing yourself is never worth it. You'll hurt both yourself and all the people you care about.
14. There are so many people that would miss you, including me.
15. You're preventing a future generation, YOUR KIDS, from even being born.
16. How do you think your family would feel? Would it improve their lives if you died?
17. You're gorgeous, amazing, and to someone you are perfect.
18. Think about your favorite music artist, you'll never hear their voice again...
19. You'll never have the feeling of walking into a warm building on a cold day
2. Listening to incredibly loud music
21. Being alive is just really good.
22. Not being alive is really bad.
23. Finding your soulmate.
24. Red pandas
25. Going to diners at three in the morning.
26. Really soft pillows.
27. Eating pizza in New York City.
28. Proving people wrong with your success.
29. Watching the jerks that doubted you fail at life.
3. Seeing someone trip over a garbage can.
31. Being able to help other people.
32. Bonfires.
33. Sitting on rooftops.
34. Seeing every single country in the world.
35. Going on road trips.
36. You might win the lottery someday.
37. Listening to music on a record player.
38. Going to the top of the Eiffel Tower.
39. Taking really cool pictures.
4. Literally meeting thousands of new people.
41. Hearing crazy stories.
42. Telling crazy stories.
43. Eating ice cream on a hot day.
44. More Harry Potter books could come out, you never know.
45. Traveling to another planet someday.
46. Having an underwater house.
47. Randomly running into your hero on the street.
48. Having your own room at a fancy hotel.
49. Trampolines.
5. Think about your favorite movie, you'll never watch it again.
51. Think about the feeling of laughing out loud in a public place because your best friend has just sent you an inside joke,
52. Your survival will make the world better, even if it's for just one person or 2 or 1 or more.
53. People do care.
54. Treehouses
55. Hanging out with your soul mate in a treehouse
56. Snorting when you laugh and not caring who sees
57. I don't even know you and I love you.
58. I don't even know you and I care about you.
59. Nobody is going to be like you ever, so embrace your uniqueness!
6. You won't be here to experience the first cat world emperor.
61. WHAT ABOUT FOOD?! YOU'LL MISS CHOCOLATE
62. Starbucks.
63. Hugs.
64. Stargazing.
65. You have a purpose, and it's up to you to find out what it is.
66. You've changed somebody's life.
67. You could change the world.
68. You will meet the person that's perfect for you.
69. (   )
7. If you end your life, you're stopping yourself from achieving great things.
71. Making snow angels.
72. Making snowmen.
73. Snowball fights.
74. Life is what you make of it.
75. Everybody has talent.
76. Laughing until you cry.
77. Having the ability to be sad means you have the ability to be happy.
78. The world would not be the same if you didn't exist.
79. It's possible to turn frowns, upside down
8. Be yourself, don't take anyone's shit, and never let them take you alive.
81. Heroes are ordinary people who make themselves extraordinary. Be your own hero.
82. Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
83. One day your smile will be real.
84. Having a really hot, relaxing bath after a stressful day.
85. Lying on the grass and laughing at the clouds.
86. Getting completely smashed with your best friends.
87. Eating crazy food.
88. Staying up all night watching your favorite films with a loved one.
89. Sleeping in all day.
9. Creating something you're proud of.
91. You can look back on yourself 7 years later and be proud you didn't commit suicide.
92. Being able to meet your Internet friends.
93. Tea  Coffee  Hot Chocolate
94. The new season of Sherlock
95. Cuddling under the stars.
96. Being stupid in public because you just can.
97. If you are reading this then you are alive! Is there any more reason to smile?
98. Being able to hug that one person you haven't seen in years
99. People care enough about you and your future to come up with 1 reasons for you not to do this.
1. But, the final and most important one is, just, being able to experience life. Because even if your life doesn't seem so great right now, anything could happen.A PEDOPHILE HAS BEEN ARRESTED IN LEGO CITY

INTERRUPT A GOVERNMENT INVESTIGATION

HEY!

BUY OFF THE PRISON GUARDS

DISABLE THE SECURITY

MAKE IT LOOK LIKE A SUICIDE

THE NEW JEFFREY EPSTEIN COLLECTION FROM LEGO CITYA MAN HAS BEEN SPOTTED PROTESTING IN LEGO CITY

START THE NEW MILITARY TANKS

**!**

BUILD THE TANKS

AND OFF TO TIANANMEN SQUARE

BRING IN THE SOLDIERS

CENSOR THE MEDIA

AND RUN OVER THE STUDENTS

THE NEW TIANANMEN SQUARE COLLECTION FROM LEGO CITY

*sets not available in china*Obama, Obama (ayy)

Half of my heart is in Obama, ooh-na-na

(ayy, ayy)

He took me back to East Atlanta, Obama

All of my heart is in Obama (ayy)

There's somethin' 'bout his manners (uh huh)

Obama, Obama

&#x2B

He didn't walk up with that how you doin'? (Uh)

When he came in the room

He said there's a lot of girls I can do with (Uh)

But I can't without you

I knew him forever in a minute (Hey)

That summer night in June

And papa says he got malo in him (Uh)

He got me feelin' like...

&#x2B

Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh (Ayy)

I knew it when I met him (Ayy), I loved him when I left him

Got me feelin' like, ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh

And then I had to tell him, I had to go

Oh Obama-na-na (Woo)

&#x2B

Obama, Obama (Ayy, hey)

Half of my heart is in Obama, Obama (Ayy, ayy, uh-huh)

He took me back to East Atlanta, Obama

Oh, but my heart is in Obama (Huh)

My heart is in Obama (Ayy)

Obama, Obama

&#x2B

Just graduated, fresh on campus, mmm

Fresh out East Atlanta with no manners, damn (Fresh out East Atlanta)

Bump on her bumper like a traffic jam

Hey, I was quick to pay that girl like Uncle Sam (Here you go, ayy)

Back it on me (Back it up)

Shawty cravin' on me, get to eatin' on me (On me)

She waited on me (And what?)

Shawty cakin' on me, got the bacon on me (Wait up)

This is history in the makin', homie (Homie)

Point blank, close range, that B (Tah, tah)

If it cost a million, that's me (That's me)

I was gettin' mula, baby

&#x2B

Obama, Obama (Ayy, ayy)

Half of my heart is in Obama, Obama (Oh,ayy, ayy, uh-huh)

He took me back to East Atlanta, Obama (Oh, no)

Oh, but my heart is in Obama (Huh)

My heart is in Obama (Ayy)

Obama, Obama

&#x2B

Ooh na-na, oh, Obama (Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)

Take me back, back, back like...

Ooh na-na, oh, Obama (Yeah, babe)

Take me back, back, back like...

Ooh na-na, oh, Obama (Yeah, yeah)

Take me back, back, back like...

Ooh na-na, oh, Obama (Yeah, babe)

Take me back, back, back

Hey, hey...

Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh (Hey)

Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh (Hey)

Take me back to my Obama...

&#x2B

Obama, Obama

Half of my heart is in Obama, Obama (Oh, yeah)

He took me back to East Atlanta, Obama (Ayy, ayy)

Oh, but my heart is in Obama

My heart is in Obama (Ayy)

Obama, Obama (Uh-huh)

&#x2B

Oh, Obama (Oh, na, yeah)

Oh, Obama

Oh, Obama (No, no, no, take me back)

Oh, Obama

Obama, ObamaWhere were u when USSR fell ?

I was in gulag tourturing prisoner when t-34 tank came

Stalin is kil

NyetSlightly less popular thing is underrated. I like slightly less popular thing. Popular thing is overrated. Everyone is always circlejerking popular thing and I'm tired of it. I'm sticking up for slightly less popular thing and I think I'm the only one who has the guts to say it anonymously on reddit.

TLDR-

I have no concept of individuality.mood backwards is doom

doom is a video game

video games are played by teens and adults

adults include alex jones

alex jones breaks open government secrets

the government turns the frogs gay

frogs are a symbol of trump

the symbol is called pepe

pepe is a italian band from the 8s

italy was part of world war II

world war II was led by hitler

hitler had one testicle

inside of a testicle is sperm

sperm is what makes people

most people are assholes

assholes are on every single mammal on earth

mammals include bats

bats are similar in appearance to birds

birds don't exist other things that don't exist is australia

australia has slow internet connection

comcast has slow internet connection

 comcast  moodGuys I really wanted to believe that Virginia Western was not the cesspool of morons all my fellow biology faculty told me it would be. Unfortunately your finals, which I purposely made as easy as humanly possible, tanked harder than a Kardashian marriage. I personally apologise for expecting the bare minimum from you as students. If you look at your grade book you will notice that you all have gotten a 5 point grade bump as 'extra credit' and no this was not because any of you deserved it but it was infact so I don't get my ass fired when the dean asks me 'hey why the fuck did 5% of your class fail an introductory biology class' to whom I will reply 'hmm I don't know maybe its because these klingons are 18 years old and still giggle every time I say the term 'phagocytosis'. I'd like to add that in fact one of you got a 51 on this exam for which I salute you. Considering this was 1% multiple choice and the statistical probability of you missing more than 9% GUESSING is actually higher than your chances of getting laid, which for this student would be an act of God (please stay out of the gene pool you know who you are). I could have actually taken a shit on the scantron, wiped it off on the grass, and I am pretty certain my feces could have picked up more correct answers than you deliberately bubbled in. So congratulations, on making me lose faith in the public school system, and in humanity.So my cat, Franki, recently came down with a pretty severe stomach virus. The vet gave me some anti biotic drops to put in his food but when Id do that Franki wouldnt touch it. So, the vet suggested using a small dropper tube to insert the medicine directly into his anus. The first time was absolute hell, my cat fought me the whole time but once the tube was in and the medicine pushed out he seemed to calm quite a bit. Well the next day he was acting strange, he has always been an independent cat, rarely coming around, never wanting to be held, but as I sat on the couch he started walking back and forth meowing and rubbing my leg. He then went and jumped up on the table where wed done the application the night before and meowed louder and louder until I decided I guess we will go ahead and do the medicine treatment. This time he didnt fight me though, and when I inserted the tube he closed his eyes, stretched his neck, and let out a noise that can only be described as a moan of pure ecstasy. Maybe the medicine made him feel better, I supposed. That night he slept on my bed curled up right next to me, which he had never done before. For the next week hed do the same thing every day, meow on the table until he got his fix... But then the medicine ran out. Even though I had no medicine hed still cry and beg for it, I thought maybe if I insert it without medicine he will realize it doesnt make him feel better anymore and forget about it. Well that was 2 weeks ago and he is only getting worse. He walks around me all day with his tail up presenting his rectum and trying to entice me. He is demanding insertions more and more often. Yesterday I caught him looking longingly at the turkey baster... When I sit he jumps in my lap purring and rubbing me affectionately. It was then in horror I realized my cat thinks Im his gay lover, and that Ive been sexually pleasing him for weeks now. Needless to say the sexual tension between us is palpable. How do I let my cat know that Im not gay, but still like him as a friend?A WOMEN HAS BEEN SPOTTED SHOWING HER ANKLES IN LEGO CITY

IMPLEMENT SHARIA LAW

!

BUILD A BURKA AND FIND A RESPONSIBLE HUSBAND TO TAKE OWNERSHIP OF HER

PUT THE SECOND-CLASS CITIZENS IN THEIR PLACE

THE NEW SAUDI COLLECTION FROM CROWN PRINCE MOHAMMED BIN SALMAN scuse meIm gonna say the N word.

THATS RACSIST YOU CANT SAY THE N WORD!!!!

Mrs. Obama Ive done it, Ive stopped racism.

Thank you Skipper now I am free to roam this earth.

Not if I have anything to say about it, and I do!! Im gonna say the N word!!!

MRS. OBAMA GET DOWN!

NNNIIIIGGGGAAAAA

Mrs. Obama where are you, are you ok?

She is no longer with us Skipper, and with her death I am finally free to say the N word whenever I want.

Not if I have anything to say about it Trump, and I do. Prepare for my Civil Rights Beam.

*Beam sound effect

*Epic guitar solo

*Screams

Skipper my son, you wouldnt let me die, would you?

Shut up cracker.

Hey Kowalski whos that guy in front of us rising out of the water?

It is I Barack Obama.

Mr. Obama what are you doing here?

I have come to exact my revenge on you penguins for allowing my wife to die at the hands of Donald Trump

But Mr. Obama weve done everything we could!

Ive already made up my mind.

Mr. Obama dont do it! This wont bring Michelle back!

NNNIIIIGGGAAAAAA

*Screams

*Plane crash

*Explosion

Skippers Log #32 Barack Obama has struck us out of the sky by saying the N word.

It just doesnt make sense skipper, Obama would never say the N word.

I dont understand it either Kowalski, but some things you just got to live with. Unless! Donald Trump Ive should have known it was you!!

Skipper my son I see you have discovered my master plan. Now that I have taken over Obama's body, I have free reign to say the N word whenever and however I please.

So, what you are saying is that you are inside of another man.

Why yes, I suppose you can say that.

But Mr. Trump wouldnt that make you GAY?!

NO, THIS CAN'T BE

NNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Well boys we did it, racism is no more.

Hello Skipper.

Mr. Obama what are you doing here?

I came to thank you for your great service to this country.

No Thanks necessary Mr. Obama.

As a token of my gratitude, Id like to give you the N word pass.

Mr. Obama it is an honor to call you

MY NIGGA.

And as to you old friend.Hello (name), this is the administrator of PornHub. We have noticed that you havent logged on in over a week! Were just checking to make sure everything is ok with your PREMIUM membership. Since you visited us last time, we have updated the gay section with many videos we know you will enjoy. See you soon! 123456789#*So after the events of infinity war Thanos returned to his 'garden', that place that was visible in infinity war when he described what he'd do after he finished his work. The remaining Avengers decide to get revenge and take the fight to him. What they didn't expect though: When they arrived on that garden planet, they found Thanos completely nude. He decided to put up his armor as a scarecrow in the garden. He was cheerfully jacking it while watering the plants when the Avengers arrived. 
When I saw that scene in the cinema, I must say, I was shocked at the realism of Thanos' computer generated cock. Honestly, it was unreal. You could see his veins and shit on his cock. It looked so real, I almost thought it was my own - but Thanos' dick was huuuge. I mean I am not bad in that department but Thanos is just next level. The length of his cock was fucking insane. Whetever, lets continue. So then there is a flashback in which Black Panther gave Tony Stark the N-Word pass. After that scene finished, You see the Avengers approaching Thanos who is watering the plants with his cum. Tony Stark comes closer, closer, closer and whispers into Thanos' ear. The whole theater was dead silent during this scene. Stark whispers guacamole nigga penis. 
Then Thanos cums again, but so much that he and all the Avengers drown in it.
So beware of fake spoilers, bacause in the end all avengers are dead. Thanks for coming to my ted talk.See Cummy 
Edit:Apparently this shit made it into the front page wtfSo my dick was porn sized in middle school not yet fully the monster it is today and I got a boner in class and my teacher saw it when I stood up and her eyes got really big and pretended not to see it, so I went up and asked her a question and she wouldnt look at me. Probably turned her into a pedo at the sight of it. Oh and my name is Emmanuel Macron.You blow your brains out at age 3 due to loneliness and lack of genuine human interaction in a shitty walk up apartment filled with roaches and drug addicts. You are buried in a no-name cemetery with a generic headstone by the state because literally  people give a fuck about you, except for that one internet friend that didnt even know your name but still made a facebook memorial for you on principle (lmao like he gives an actual fuck about you) that got 3 likes. Nobody remembers you and your family tree ends because you are literally too pathetic and unfuckable to even have some bastard out there in the world.

You spoiled the end to endgame. I spoiled the end to your life.Can a school legally take away your cock and ball torture device? no that is simply not that case , if this ever happens to you please contact your lawyer immediately and have this issue solved right away 

edit: SILVER?!?????!!!!?!!??! THANKS REDDIT I NEVER THOUGHT THIS WOULD HAPPEN edit 2: ANOTHER2 SILVER OH MY GOD WTF edit 3: thanks for the gold kind strangertHaNkS FOr ThE GOld kInD sTrAnGer

THANKS FOR THE GOLD KIND STRANGER

THE GOLD

KIND STRANGER

THE GOLD KIND STRANGER

(chorus: the gold kind stranger)

edit 4:THANKSFORPOPPINGMYPLATINUMCHERRYWHATEVER THAT'S SUPPOSED TO MEAN WHO CARES I GOT PLATINUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HAHA SUCK MY DICK I GOT PLATINUM I'M AN UNEMPLOYED 4 YEAR OLD MAN WHO COPIES AND PASTES THE SAME 15 SENTENCES ON REDDIT AND OFFICE QUOTES HAHAHAAAAA BUT FUCK YOU I GOT PLATINUM THANK YOU KIND STRANGER edit 5:MYMOSTUPVOTEDCOMMENTISABOUTGOLDTHANKYOUREDDITFOR THE GOLD (chorus: the gold kind stranger) WEDIDITREDDITTHANKYOUREDDITTHE GOLD (chorus: the gold) 

chorus: the gold

edit 6: 1 UPVOTES!!!!!! TWO PLATINUMS!!?!??!?!??!!! I'M FAMOUS GUYS I'M DOING AN AMA AMA (edit after posting this copy pasta, I'm already doing one lol) THANK YOU ALL I LOVE YOU THANK YOU FOR THE FAME KIND STRANGERS (chorus: kind stranger) THE SILVERS (chorus: kind stranger) THE GOLD (chorus:the gold kind stranger) THE PLATINUM (chorus: kind stranger) THE UPVOTES    UH OH STINKY
    A work by William Shakespeare.
    
    ACT I. Scene I.
    The zoo. An orangutan enclosure.
    
    Enter LE MONKE, a corpulent ape.
    
    LE MONKE
        Oh bother, a foul smell!
        Fecal matter!
        Ha-ha-ha, hilarious, defecate material.
    
    The ape laughs continuously. It screeches vociferously.
    
    LE MONKE
        Hooray for excrement! Congenial fecal matter! Defecation is jocular, ha-ha!
        Fecal matter pertains to my satisfaction, ho-ho.
    
    The maniacal creature continues to shriek vehemently in a nonsensical fashion.
    
    LE MONKE
        Oh bother-- I believe, perchance, I may have created indurated excrement originating from my posterior.
    
    The wretched creation begins to chortle ominously.
    
    LE MONKE
        Fecal matter in my trousers... without undergarments! This is exhilarating.
        By the nine divines, my undergarments are stained with excrement. Ho-ho-ho.
        We yearn for fecal matter! We yearn for fecal matter!
    
        Fecal matter.
    
    Exeunt omnes.
    THE END.I am and always will be a racist, everyone in my family is a racist.  We're so racist that we've watched every single Nascar race and we all drive manuals too, that's how racist we are .  Some races are superior to others, mainly the F1 races, nothing like a good ol' race war.  I love being a racist around everyone I see but not everyone appreciates the power of my Mustang, one time I got kicked out of a restaurant for telling everyone that I'm a racist.  I wish more people were as racist as I am.  Upvote if you're a true racist.where were u when nazi germany fallen

I was in concentration camp torturing prisoner when i heard announcement 

hitler is die

NeinI fucking hate Stuart Little. I know what youre thinking, this is some kind of funny joke, but no. Stuart Little is a piece of shit. A damn rat got picked over actual children at an orphanage and hes supposed to be a hero? And I cant even tell you how many damn times Ive seen a great parking space only to turn the corner and realise Stuart Little is already parked there in his stupid little fucking convertible. He took my wife and the kids and my house and my job. I swear to fucking god, Im going to kill myself and take that goddamn rodent to hell with me. Stuart Little has ruined my family. Last summer, I approached the miserable mouse in the street, and asked him for his autograph, because my son is a huge fan. The fucking rat gave me the autograph and told me to burn in hell. Later, when I gave my son the autograph he started crying and said he hated me. Turns out the mousefucker didnt write his autograph, no, he wrote youre a piece of shit, and i fucked your mom. Im now divorced, and planning a huge class-action lawsuit against the white devil that ruined my life. Your time is almost over, Stuart. All the people youve wronged will rise against you.  
In Japan  , heart surgeon  . Number one  . Steady hand. One day, Yakuza boss need  heart. I do operation. But, mistake! Yakuza boss die! Yakuza very mad. I hide in fishing boat, come to America. No english, no food, no money. Darryl give me job. Now I have house, American car  , and new woman . Darryl save life. My big secret: I kill yakuza boss on purpose. I good surgeon. The best! Eminem has just become the first celebrity to be diagnosed with Coronavirus. In a statement released by doctors, it has been revealed that his palms were sweaty, knees weak and arms were heavy. He presented with vomit on his sweater already. Initial testing has revealed it was mums spaghetti.I agree, guns are for pussies. People dont need them. I prefer to use medieval weaponry. About a week ago, some 4 young urchins were attempting to rob my manor when I came down on them with my halberd. I managed to split one down the middle, but I couldnt lift it to fight the other 3. My chainmail blocked their blows and let me make the flight of my stairs to my ballista. As they ran up, I fired the wooden beast nailing two to the wall. The last one spared no chance, as I laid hands on the claymore I keep on my coat of arms. I first cut him on the sword arm and laughed as I beheaded him, knowing I needed no guns to defend myself or my property.Why, yes, I am R.A.C.I.S.T:

Respect my friend's different beliefs

Adore the little quirks in their traditions

Care for my friends, no matter their skin color

Inform myself on what taboos I should never break

Smile when they speak their native tongues

The French must be purged from the EarthBillie Ellish is 18 years old now, y'all  know what that means . Yes, she's now legaly allowed to operate the 219 Viper Rt8 8lb Air Pneumatic Forklift Hatz Diesel Lift Truck ... That is of course if she acquires the proper certification... I know what youre thinking: How could I have done this? Well, allow me to explain. I started out with an image. The picture was of Thanos and Iron Man standing next to each other. This image was exactly what I needed. It came directly from Marvel, so we know for certain that the proportions are correct. Now that we have the two characters, how does one go about actually determining Thanos length? Thats easy. We only need the length of Robert Downey Jr.s penis. Luckily, we have a vague idea of just how large that is. Back in 214, Robert Downey Jr. was quoted saying something along the lines of: I have a massive dick, and feminism is a joke. From this statement, we can determine one major thing: Robert Downey Jr. slays women with his massive peen.

But just how big is massive? to answer that, we need to do some research. Taking to the internet, I used pixel measurements, and calculated the length of many many penises, that belonged to various different porn stars. I averaged the results, and came up with about 3.8 inches flaccid, on average. If Robert Downey Jr. truly has a massive penis, than his must be slightly larger than this. Therefore, I elected to round up to 4 inches.

Next up, we need to do some more pixel measurements. Tony stark is 61 so in this image, we used that number to calculate how many pixels per inch this picture had. We came up with the number of 7 pixels per inch. Using this number, we were able to discover that thanos was 98 inches tall, or 82. The same was done for horizontal width. After some quick calculations, we determined that Thanos was approximately 1.36 times larger than Robert Downey Jr. With this proportion in hand, we can now do the unthinkable. If we take Robert Downey Jr.s length of 4 and multiply it by 1.35, we get 5.44.

Now I know what youre thinking. 5.44 inches? Thats pathetic. But think of it this way: Thats his flaccid length. Now, imagine Thanos when aroused. On average, the human penis generally doubles in length when going from flaccid to hard. This means that Thanos kielbasa is likely almost 12 inches, when fully erect. If you still think that this is small, just try and imagine that absolute unit of a cock shoved into your tight little ass. His massive purple rod being passionately thrust back and forth, ripping your rectum to shreds. And dont even get me started on his cum. The thought of Thanos just unloading gallons and gallons of children into me just makes me rock hard. There is nothing that turns me on more than Thanos massive 12 inch dick. I wish he would just shove it in every hole in my body. I want him to take his flaccid dick, and wrap it around my neck like a noose. That would just be pure ecstasy to me. Getting strangled to death by Thanos bad boy would probably feel so amazing. The only thing that would make it better, would be if he wasnt circumcised. Id be able to peel back his foreskin, like a big, purple, meaty banana. Id peel it back, and Id eat every last particle of dick cheese. Id lick it all up, until his meat flute was all shiny and sticky. And once its all lubed up, Id let him put it in my butt again. He wouldnt hold back this time. Hed fuck me so hard, that all my inside get jimmied around, and it would be amazing. Then hed cum again, but this time theres be so much that it fills up my entire body. Just imagine: Thanos has almost finished ravaging your butthole, when he unleashed a tsunami of hot, sticky semen into your body. It fills up your ass, but Thanos sex pistol is so thick, that it wont leak out through my booty. But he keeps releasing more. Eventually, it starts filling up my intestines and stomach, before it eventually begins to quickly flow out from my mouth. At this point, Im vomiting Thanoss cum everywhere, but Im not doing it fast enough. The pressure builds, as the semen starts to slowly drip out of every hole im my body. My dick, my nose, my ears, and even my eyes. But its just not enough. Thanoss keeps ejaculating. Hes like an infinite water source of daddy sauce. The pressure is too great! I explode in a glorious display of semen and viscera. By stomach as burst open, and I am now just a head and torso, but only the back half of my torso remains. Yet somehow, I survive. All my limbs are blown off, as well as my own dick. Thanos caresses whats left of my face, with his thick, purple hand.

I want to keep going. Thanos says to me, gently, Are you okay with that?

Despite the fact that my windpipes are mostly exploded, I manage to say to him, Yes.

Thanos nods, and proceeds to kiss me passionately on the lips.

He unsheaths his excalibur, and gently inserts into the new hole, where my dick used to be. He picks me up, now that Im little more than a lump of flesh. He slowly pulls his dick in and out of me, in an attempt to make sure that my new pussy would be an adequate hole. Upon determining that it is, he begins to violently move me up and down, as if I was nothing more than just a fleshlight. But since I was with the love of my life, Thanos- I didnt even care. After a little while more, his sex pistol is cocked, and he fires one more last burst of cum. This shot was so intense, that I slide right out of him, and blast off into space. Million Miles An Hour by Nickelback begins to play, as I rocketed through the cosmos. The intense heat of Thanos semen prevents me from freezing to death.

Back on the planet where we fucked, Thanos quietly whispers to my quickly shrinking body, No homo

I traveled through the galaxy for what felt like days, before I became caught in the gravity of a black hole. Thanoss semen was still keeping me alive, but the propulsion wasnt strong enough to prevent me from getting sucked in. Upon reaching the black holes event horizon, something incredible happened. Thanos juice ignited, and exploded. The explosion eventually resulted in the formation of a star. Upon the stars creation, I was launched out into the stars orbit, before my body was ripped apart by the immense gravity of the sun, and my various parts were cast to the void. But my soul remained attached to the star that had just formed. I watched for billions of years, as my pieces own gravitational pulls slowly began to attract other particles, until they all eventually became planets. I continued to watch over this new solar system. Eventually, on the third planet out, I saw something amazing. I watched, as from the planets primordial ooze, a small life form emerged. Through the ages, I watched as this life evolved, grew and took on a much more complex form. After some time, they became a species known as human. These human were intelligent. But not nearly intelligent enough for other beings to visit them. The Humans eventually named me. I was to be referred to as Sol. I continued to watch over these humans, as their culture developed further. Unil one day, a film known as Avengers: Infinity War was released. It was a cultural phenomenon, although it wasnt very good from an objective standpoint. But the humans loved it. And one character, they love more than most. And his name- was Thanos. When Thanos appeared as a character on Earth, I knew that my journey was complete. I cannot explain how, but some way or another- some part of Thanos had stayed with the body part that eventually became Earth. And as a result, his influence could be seen all throughout history. This all came to a head, with Infinity War. Thanoss semen gave life to an entire planet of creature, and they repaid him in the ultimate way. Thanos has now been forever immortalized in their culture. As the most competently written characters, in one of the most mediocre movies of all time.8D
Oh, you saw the number 69 and said nice? Nice? No, this 69 shit ain't fucking nice. Nice is taking a walk in the park and randomly finding a $1 bill. Nice is reading a good book during your leisure time. NICE is having ACTUAL SEX and ACTUALLY 69ING. This SHIT is just a number that you retards worship for free karma, retweets, (You)s, whatever the fuck niggas are calling them nowadays. Fuck your 69s and fuck your niceHey  Mr krabs I have a question  Said  Spongebob. Lay it on  me  lad Mr. Krabs  responded um... How big is a dick  supposed to be ?  Asked Spongebob. Mr krabs  responded, whip it out boyo, it can't be that bad- SWEET NEPTUNE.. . IT'S HUMONGOUS! , Mr. Krabs  laches onto spongebobs dick and starts sucking it like a lollipop   Mr. Krabs if you do that I'll cum  Replied Spongebob. But Spongebob your dick  tastes  just like my fathers used to.. Before he passed away , oh well, back to suckingmr, krabs said , mr. Krabs started sucking on  it harder until he blindfolded spongebob and  put him on  a chair, and with a smooth voice said, spongebob, don't  worry , this will only take a minute, spongebob panicked  and replied MR.KRABS  I  DON'T  WANT YOUR HAIRY CRAB  ASS  TOUCHING AN INCH OF  MY DONG !, too late said mr.krabs , the force of mr.krabs  ass  made spongebob so horny  that he came  all inside mr.krabs  ass  and later sold it to customers as soup This is a throwaway for obvious reasons.

Some background. Politically, I've been a Democrat my entire life and an Obama supporter for as long as I can remember. I volunteered for John Kerry's presidential campaign back in 24 which is where first registered on my map. I watched his speech at the DNC was was instantly enamoured.

When he announced his candidacy for president in 27, immediately threw my weight behind him. I knocked on doors, educated people about his policies and did the best I could to get people to vote for him. When he was elected, I was ecstatic. In the past, when I had supported candidates, it was out of cold reason because I thought their policies and acumen would result in the best net result for this country. But this was a person I could get excited about, someone I could believe in.

When it came time for his campaign for a second term it was largely the same. I had slightly soured on him. Granted, he was not the president I had hoped he would be but that was not his fault. I had built him up to be so huge in my head it was impossible for him to live up to expectations. Republican gridlock in Congress also prevented him from getting through the policies he wanted. Nevertheless, I still supported him, still volunteered and was still happy when he won his second term.

The problem started about three weeks ago. I had a dream involving Barack, which is not uncommon for me, I was working with him and Michelle on their upcoming Netflix show. We were looking over demographics and how they related to various geographical locations. Without even realising it, I said Yeah, N***er, we should do pretty well in (area near me) He just looked at me and stormed out with Michelle behind him. I woke up and went into the bathroom to splash cold water in my face. I dismissed it. I don't have a racist bone in my body. This was just one of those dreams, right?

A week and a half ago, I had a similar experience. This time I dreamt we were going wine-tasting together. I don't remember the lead-up but I ended up saying something to the effect of The sommelier said we should be detecting earthy tones in this wine, but it's just not registering with me, N***er This time, instead of storming out he replied, very sternly Why did you feel that was an appropriate thing to say? I began to stutter and explain it was an accident but I had once again woken up.

The most recent incident was last night. I dreamt I was at a family barbecue with the Obamas, just his family and mine. He was manning the grill and i was speaking to Michelle while the children played with each other (I know Sasha and Malia are adults now but I still think of them as children) I said to Michelle very politely excuse me for one moment and marched right up to Barack and tapped him on the shoulder. He turned around to look and me and I just said the word and nothing else. I can write off this happening once or twice in my dreams but three separate events is too much.

I don't know what to do. I don't want to do this. Every time it happens my work suffers the next day. I've started lying to my wife saying I've been having nightmares but I'm not sure she fully believes it. Lately, I've been worrying I might start saying it in my sleep and she could hear. I'm at my wits end and I want it to stop.Nice cock bro. Good girth, pretty nice curve, tip-to-shaft ratio is perfect only issue is the colour consistency, it gets a little light near the tip. I give it an overall 8.71 now onto the cum velocity testing. Luke, did I ever tell you about Ahsoka Tano? She was your fathers exotic teenage alien apprentice, a fine piece of jailbait from a more civilized age. She had the tightest body and the perkiest little breasts in the galaxy barely legal in most systems.

Anakin and I used to doubleteam her at the end of every successful campaign during the Clone Wars, and once in a while wed even have the entire 51st run a train over her, part of official Jedi training of course. In time, she learned how to handle a meatsaber better than anyone in the Jedi Temple. She wore a miniskirt every day so we told her there were no panties in space, and since she was constantly doing acrobatics youd get a glimpse of her orange pussy mid fight as shed do a flip while slicing a B2 Super Battledroid in half. It was surreal.

We taught her to grip her weapon backwards like a dildo and she constantly got captured by pirates and slavers almost every other day. It was ridiculous, like a constant porno Luke, you have no idea. And she was a good friend. 
 
 

 ALWAYS  make sure  to shave  because  the last time  we let  a bush  in our lives  it did 911  

Ants are attracted to cum and I can prove it.

I sit down at my desk and open my porn folder. I scroll through all the weak nonsense such as hentai and loli until I get to my futa furry toddler nugget porn. I start jerking it and within two minutes I was covered in my own seed.

The speed at which I wanked made me incredibly tired so I laid down and went to sleep, hoping to dream of My Little Pony and their tight pussies.

I suddenly wake up and am very itchy. I look down in horror to see hundreds of little ants crawling over me, eating the sweet, sweet semen. The feeling of their little feet walking all over me was enough to make me bust again. This time, however, they noticed the source of the sweet nectar. They began forming lines and burrowing themselves into my foreskin. I arched my back and moaned loudly as they nibbled the head of my penis.

They began to go into my urethra and make little ant nests in the residue. I was thrashing on my bed because I wanted to nut again but I couldn't. My mom walks in to see this and she screams in horror. As soon as I turn my head to look, I busted the hottest, fattest nut I ever have. An explosion of ants rocket out of my penis and all over the floor.

My mom runs out in terror and I begin to finally clean up. Just the thought of what happened sent chills down my spine. I picked the few ants that were still alive and kept them in a jar. I couldn't wait to do it again.A few years ago, we would never have supported minority group, but now that it's publicly acceptable and profitable to do so, we love you! Back when minority group's rights wasn't socially accepted, we never would have hired or supported you, but now we love you! Our brand totally really pinky promise care about you, and 1% aren't a soulless corporation trying to make a profit from your social movement. Remember to buy our products, as much as you possibly can, in order to support us!Donald John Trump is the most NIGGA president ever. Name another president that flies gold planes, fucks porn stars, has a younger supermodel wife, everything he owns is gold, has rap songs about him, talks shit, hangs out at the playboy mansion, etc. Donald Trump is a REAL ASS NIGGA

**Its ok reddit. Im black. I can say this stuff** I promise

NIGGAS 4 TRUMP 22  


 https:www.reddit.comrAsABlackMancommentsf2cfd8foundinthedonald?utmsourceshare&utmmediumweb2x(https:www.reddit.comrAsABlackMancommentsf2cfd8foundinthedonald?utmsourceshare&utmmediumweb2x)1st RULE: You do not talk about PENIS CLUB.

2nd RULE: You DO NOT talk about PENIS CLUB.

3rd RULE: If someone says stop or goes limp, taps out the PENIS is over.

4th RULE: Only two guys to a PENIS.

5th RULE: One PENIS at a time.

6th RULE: No shirts, no shoes.

7th RULE: PENISES will go on as long as they have to.

8th RULE: If this is your first night at PENIS CLUB, you HAVE to PENIS.

 You're breathtaking

 This 
. ain't it chief 




So we back in the mine, got our pick axe swinging from side to side,
Side, side to side
This task a grueling one, hope to find some diamonds tonight, night, night
Diamonds tonight
Heads up, you hear a sound, turn around and look up, total shock fills your body,
Oh no it's you again,
I could never forget those eyes, eyes, eyes,
Eyes, eyes, eyes
'Cause baby tonight, the creeper's trying to steal all our stuff again,
'Cause baby tonight, you grab your pick, shovel and bolt again,
And run, run until it's done, done, until the sun comes up in the morn'
'Cause baby tonight, the creeper's trying to steal all our stuff again
Just when you think you're safe, overhear some hissing from right behind,
Right, right behind
That's a nice life you have, shame it's gotta end at this time, time, time,
Time, time, time, time
Blows up, then your health


 : Clown Song (Feat: You)   :  71:     



damn this shit crazy dawg but ..

 just dropped down to say

 Youre hella gay

Well to be perfectly honest, in my humble opinion, of course without offending anyone who thinks differently from my point of view, but also by looking into this matter in a different perspective and without being condemning of ones views and by trying to make it objective, and by considering each and every ones valid opinion, I honestly believe that I completely forgot what I was going to say.

This offends me as a Muslim vegan transgender hipster Native-American-lndo-Chinese hybrid alien agnostic-atheist German engineer who vapes fairtrade organic decaffeinated compressed and hydrated extra-protein soy breast milk on the regular and does Hindi Kama Sutra naked crossfit yoga 8 days a week. l'm also a nonbinary trigender genderqueer male feminist and identify myself as a pastafarian pansexual genderfluid Apache helicopter dog of mega multi alpha beta gamma delta omega combo god of hyper death who's in a polygamous polyamorous relationship to the chihuahua which helped me cross the border of Mexico because it hates Donald Trump. My dog also walks me to the park and doggy styles me, if you find that weird you're an ignorant arrogant homophobic gender-assuming globaphobic bloodthirsty gun-loving cisgender pansexual bestial sexist racist incestuous white-previlege misogynistic biased objectified raped privileged Nazi-Communist slave owner terrorist lesbian



The fuck you looking at? Keep on scrolling.

                          oh hey          jus boutta go to bed           I know we couldnt skype tonight          but           das alright         goodnight girl, ill see you tomorrow       



As I exited my vehicle to walk into work I caught scent of a female in heat 73.35 meters upwind. Because of the fog I couldnt see her yet but judging by the scent she was mid twenties, and healthy. My ultra attunated hearing was able to pick up her gait, which put her at about 56. My mind, free of the constraints of porn and indecent imagery, was able to calculate her weight based on the ripple in the testosterone continuum produced by her footsteps as she walked away from me.

Being that I was 1 minutes early for work, I made chase and followed her through the fog still without visual contact. I was like a pilot navigating the white abyss by instrument alone. I was trailing her about 13m behind when I sensed her phone vibrate in her purse through the pavement. Holding my ear to the ground I was able to faintly pick up on the conversation she was having with beta BF. Based on the annoyed tone in her voice I knew now was the time to strike.

I readied my legs and concentrated all of my Testo-chakras into my Vastus Medialus muscles as I assumed a sprinters starting stance. I exploded forward in a cataclysm of sex hormone fueled rage. Exactly 2.54 nanoseconds later I began to phase through time and space as I meshed with the testosterone continuum. As I phased through the helpless female target I nutted directly into both of her Fallopian tubes, destroying her previously unbroken hymen and causing her to orgasm INSTANTLY. As I began to slow down 33.6 light years later, I realized that while she would have wanted to thank me for giving her the gift of my superior seed that she was already dead and gone having raised my CHAD progeny to repopulate the earth.

As I float into the the celestial abyss of the greater Crab Nebula I am not filled with regret for having left my world, but rather happiness for having left it a better place. You're welcome.apolgy for bad american

wer were u wen ww3 started?

i was at home when apache helicoptr come

ww3 started, you are deploy

noCopypasta jokes are not funny. Its annoying and incredibly irritating to me when I say something in chat because I would enjoy actual responses and I instead get my own words thrown back at me. Please dont just copy my messages and be original! Thank you!On mobile, English ain't native language, yada yada.

So I walk up to this bitch (apparently right after she got divorced) and say what's up Karen you wanna go for a jog this afternoon haha and she's like please just leave me alone and I'm like whatever bitch and then like an hour later get called into our HR person's office and they're like you gotta stop harassing Karen she's going through a lot right now, she's just signed her divorce papers

And I'm like hah who'd married that skank, someone with a wheelchair fetish? And my HR person (Hank) was well like come on man, they've been married for 16 years. They've been having trouble since her accident last year. She thinks he blames her for getting into the accident that killed their kids and I'm all like lol

So I leave and I'm hungry so I go to grab my lunch (turkey and provolone) only to see, lo and behold, that dumb bitch Karen set her bag of lunch RIGHT in front of mine!! so I write out a note saying how glad I am to be working with her but if she puts her lunch in front of mine again I swear to fuck I will finish the job that God couldn't

So I go through the rest of my day joking around with Karen every time I see her even though she is I giant cunt about it (my favorite was 'accidently' dropping a pair of scissors on her colostomy bag lol) and I have to ignore the picture of that fucking rat whenever I walk by her desk

So I finish my day asking for her ex husband's number since I need a new wingman to look for some babes with and she fucking flips it and when she's yelling at me I'm all like maybe if you don't want to get divorced you shouldn't have gotten hit by a drink driver you ever think of that bitch and then she rolled away aggressively

So AITA?My 97 year old grandfather fought in ww2 and he always used to tell me stories about the ww2. he was just 18 when he faced battle for the first time. So i wanted to show him this game to make him happy about the (good?) old days. My grandfather never been a huge fan of electronic devices. But I managed to get him to play this game on my laptop. I explained everything but he didn't understand it at first but later he learned how to walk in this game. His first impression was... Quiet. And he still was figuring everything out. But after 2 minutes he stood up. And went outside for a walk. When he came back it was time for dinner. then he bursts out crying. I fought for this?'' he said. Then he kept on crying. my parents tried to cheer him up. but he kept crying. So we all silently finished eating our food. went home. I felt akward. Sad and ashamed. then I busted a big nut rubbin' it out on this game. 11 would bust again so today at school i saw this hot girl. super hot. super asian. chinese btw. she speaks mandarin. so anyways she had like the fattest ass ever and im talking fucking fat like FAT like so big you could see it from the front. so i walk up to her like i got a lot of money. my dad always taught me walking confident will boost your confidence. i like my dad but he sucks cats tits and i hate that. its a habit im trying to get him to stop. he says its beneficial to his health or whatever. so after i walk up to her like my cat-tit-sucking dad taught me to i say hi. she says hi back. im staring into her lips as i feel an intense feeling of euphoria. just her voice was enough to nigga knock my socks off. i ask her what cup size she wears and she says her boobs are too big for a bra. as shes talking i take the moment to stick my face into her fat titties and motorboat the shit out of them. she then stepped on my cock and balls and popped my scrotum. semen and blood were flying everywhere and it was so sexy. AWOOOOOOGAAAAA i yell. she then calls me a weirdo so i walk away. what should i do?Being a hentai actress must be so weird. Imagine this: youre in a soundproof room pleasurably screaming into an 8, microphone about how much you love old man dick at 1:47 AM on a Tuesday in October while your 45-year-old boss oversees you through a glass window from the other room. You eventually look up after 2 hours of practicing your unnaturally high-pitched moans and see him give you a big thumbs up as you pretend to have an orgasm.My girlfriend and I broke up because of Kanye's meeting with Trump.

We got in a huge fight over it because I was saying how it was good that Kanye was bringing up issues important to him to the president. The fight eventually spilled into other topics and it got really heated. In the heat of the moment I called her a retarded cunt, and it was a wrap.

We dated for two years and were thinking about moving in together. At the time I thought she was the love of my life. And it ended over Kanye.

And since all of my friends were also her friends, and she was closer friends with them than I was, they took her side. So I lost all my friends too.

My best friend called me a few hours after the argument and said he didn't want to hang out with me anymore because it would cause drama.

The only people I've talked to in like a week are my parents.Shut yo skin tone chicken bone google chrome no home flip phone disowned ice cream cone garden gnome extra chromosome metronome dimmadome genome full blown monochrome student loan indiana jones overgrown flintstone x and y hormone friend zoned sylvester stallone sierra leone autozone professionally seen silver patrone head ass tf upOk so the title sounds really bad, but you gotta hear my side of the story. So this dumbass didnt accept me into the art school that I REALLY FUCKING WANTED TO GET INTO!!!! Ever since I was born it felt like Jews were ruining my life, and this was the last straw. Anyways, I killed 6 million of those FILTHY Jews and now everybody hates me???? Like wtf??? Those fucking ATROCITIES are now walking on the streets like they have RIGHTS and youre cheering????? Woooowww like wtf???? Even after I decided to kill myself because then I didnt have to deal with Jews, people still called me probably the worst person in history and horrible dictator who ruined millions lives. I just couldnt take it anymore. Am I the asshole?
Tldr: I hate Jews so I killed them, am I the asshole?

Edit: holy shit this blew up! I honestly dont know what to do, other than to keep killing the Jews

Edit 2: It was Vienna art school

Edit 3: wow!!!! Thank you for the silver!!! I didnt think this would get this many updoots!!!!

Edit 4: HOLY SHIT GOLD!!!!! THANK YOU KIND STRANGER!!!! Yes I have contacted my lawyer, and I will sue the entirety of the Jews, to make sure they NEVER exist and ONLY aryans can roam our sacred  earth :)To preface, I used to masturbate a lot, and still sometimes do. Usually, I do it in the shower. For around an hour (whenever I get the chance).



So today I had the great idea based on the notion of since shampoo feels soft in my handshair, maybe it would feel good on my dick? So I took a whole bunch in my hand, and rubbed it all over. It felt good at first too, basically what you would imagine it to feel like.



Then I got the great idea of sticking it in the shampoo bottle.



With some effort (not to flex but my dick is pretty wide) I managed to get it in there completely. This was not a good idea. First of all, I couldn't even move it around cuz it was super tight. Like there was so much friction, it was stuck. And I couldn't move it out either. I started to panic. I looked like a complete idiot, my entire penis encased by this huge bottle. I tried jumping up and down, pulling it off with my hands, then my feet, it was such an ordeal.



The entire time, my dick was floating around in shampoo-y substances, which wasn't a problem at first. Until it started FUCKING BURNING.



HOLY HELL I cannot accurately describe the pain of having a burning schlong. It was this icy-fire feeling, that kept throbbing continuously. I could barely stop myself from screaming. Tears and all, I was a mess.



At this point I would do anything to get it off. So I figured out a plan, dried myself, put on my biggest pair of pants (some flannel) to hide the giant-ass shampoo bottle and a t-shirt so I could get some butter from the fridge. So as I'm making my way to the fridge, MY MOM tells me to come up to her room to talk about my academic failure,



I sat through 2 minutes of her talking shit about me with a freezing-burning penis. After that shit-show, I tried running back to my room. I was sweating, crying, and couldn't hold my own weight. I fell down on my knees and crawled the rest of the way to my room with my melted butter stick.



To shorten a long process, I rubbed some butter over the lid, and after a while, the bottle popped off to reveal my burning-red manhood.



As i'm writing this, my dick still hasn't fully healed, and I think I ripped the skin, which means no more masturbating for a while



Lesson: Never, EVER, stick your dick in a shampoo bottle.Lvl.1 crook


            


Lvl.1 boss
                        




















I am being serious: none of you are intelligent enough to understand why you're stupid. Usually I'm memeing or injecting a little bit of irony for fun but there is no irony here. All of you, with one or two exceptions, have little more than a thimbleful of political credibility and it stems from your complete inability to think through or research your points beyond coming to a conclusion spoon-fed to you by the culture around you since birth. None of you have the intellectual capacity to question the world around you and at least half of you don't even have the potential to develop it.M-m... M

No one was paying attention in the crossroads of New York as I was giving my speech.

M-m-mine...

However, one person was intrigued in what I was saying.

M-m-m-minecraft...

Then it was just a domino effect, ten more people are watching.

Minecraft...

A hundred were now watching, this had caught the attention of even the busy drivers in rush hour. Their faces in anticipation, some were even scared. Others were complaining that this isn't the real deal.

MINECRAFT...

But they all suddenly started cheering, shaking, praying. When they heard my tone, my pitch, my timbre.... they all knew what was going to come next. They realized... that salvation of the human race has finally come.

Minecraft good Fortnite bad

And then the silence broke

OOOIOIIUUUUUGHHHhJJHHHHHWAASEAAAa::

Thousands of people fell to their knees, yelling orgasmically. People starting crying tears of joy, others were running and thanking God, News reporters were already on the scene, broadcasting the entire thing nationwide and consequently the entire world. Hundreds of people came out of their cars, buses, taxis, stores, and subway stations hooting and hollering. It was a miracle unfolding.

I started to say the next sentence relayed to me by our Lord and Savior.

M-m-mi... Mine...

Already some people fainted at just the mere sound of my voice. Even more people came. Some were jumping from planes thousands of feet in the air, others ran or swam miles to here in mere seconds. I think I even spotted a few famous people.

MINE...

Nearly a million people were here now. There's now Europeans, Canadians, Mexicans, Latin Americans, West Coasters, Africans, and even several Asians and one Australian. They were screaming hysterically, bringing gifts for me, taking pictures and videos. Fireworks and confetti everywhere, helicopters, and even Donald Trump was here with his family bowing down to me.

MINEC-C-C-CRAFT *voice crack*

A billion people were here now. Even animals from all over the world were coming in herds. I could see Pewdiepie &ampampampampamp Martiza, Elon Musk, Keanu Reeves, Lil Nas X, 5 Cent, Oprah Winfrey, the Kardashians, and so many other people. Many people were having seizures, heart attacks, and strokes from the sheer excitement, and some were being trampled to death because of the huge crowd. The screaming was deafening. Some just came straight out of their bathroom, school, work, or their parenting... but it doesn't matter now.

MMMMMMIIIIINNNNEEECRAAAFTTTTT

No matter what was your race, gender, ethnicity, sexuality, religion, economic class, etc... it didn't matter. All of humanity has come together for this one moment. Millions of people have died to due plane crashes, car crashes, doctors abandoning their patients, parents abandoning their children... just to be here, but it will all be worth it.

Nearly half of humanity is here now. Even the dead came out their graves for this. Everyone is climbing on top of each other and on the walls of skyscrapers since they couldn't fit. So many lights, music, dancing, feasts... yet barely a minute passed. Humanity is very interesting.

1, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1...

I look at the smiling faces of the crowd in front of me. I look at the death and destruction that came from sacrifice to attend this event. This is it. We're ready.

.

Minecraft good Fortnite bad Instagram normie Emojis bad Keanu breathtaking Wholesome 1 Everyone liked that Area 51 PETA bad 69 nice 42

AaAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAyyyYYYYYYYYYYYyaYayaYaASyAAaYaaYayaAAAaaUGgGHHhHHhhHHhhHHhmmmmMMMMmMmMMMMMMMMMhhhhhhHhFFFfffF

Billions of people around the world disintegrated into their pure chemical compounds that composed their bodies, then their atoms, then their protonsneutronselectrons, and finally their quarks... as they heard that holy sentence. The distant echoes of yelling can heard from thousands of miles. This... this was their ultimate purpose in life. This is the culmination of everything that has happened in human history, it is reason why life even existed in the first place. They weren't screaming in terror, they were shouting in orgasmic joy. They could finally die happy. Their entire lives flashed before their eyes as they saw their loved ones. They saw their ultimate fantasy. They can finally be freed from their imperfect bodies in this imperfect world. 

The Sun blinked out. The Moon crashed into the Earth. The Earth turned into dust. The Solar System collapsed into a state of entropy. The Milky Way hosts a firework show of supernovas. All the galaxies of the universe colliding with one another. Reality is falling apart. That's because reality doesn't need to exist anymore. It has reached its goal. Spacetime has fallen. Matter ceases to exist. Not even the concept of nothing exists. The universe was never born.

Humanity is gone. Everything is gone. We are now one. Evil doesn't exist anymore. Insecurities don't exist anymore.  Fear, sadness, anger don't exist anymore. Just hope, love, and harmony for eternity. This is what we were meant to be. This is our final evolution stage.

This is heaven. This is what it means to be happy.

Congratulations.